"What if I get eaten!”

My mother quickly shoved my school bag into my hands and ushered me out the door.

"Something like that won’t happen, they’re not beasts.”

"But–”

Before I could protest anymore the door was closed behind me.

This is the absolute worst!

I had a nice life with friends and I enjoyed the school I went to. Then all of a sudden my parents decided to move to another state to take up new work.

It wouldn’t be so bad if my new school wasn’t literally a school for monsters! I’ll be the only human going there!

I knew my parents studied monsters but I never imagined they’d uproot my life and throw me in a school with them!

As I quickly paced to school I clutched my school bag with both hands.

Maybe it won’t be so bad. There’s a reason monsters have been accepted into today's society. Even though I had never met any back in Alabama I’m sure they weren’t like all the stories depicted them to be.

Ahhh! I can’t take this! What if some vampire sucks my blood out! Or some ghost possesses me! I should just run away and go live in a dumpster!

Of course there was no way I could do that. I guess I’d just have to make the best of it here, at Monster High.

[Scene Change]

As soon as I entered the gates it was abundantly clear I didn’t belong, I stuck out like a sore thumb among all the monster kids. It was like all eyes were on me as soon as I walked through the school gates.

I quickened my pace through the school doors and tried to dash to a corner so I could look at my classes without being stared at. It looks like I’ll be starting with math class in 2A, well I guess that’s a start.

"Wow, a real hooman!!”

[Wit & Lucas Appear]

I jumped and turned to see two kids my age had approached me from behind.

"It’s pronounced human, you idiot.”

They were complete opposites in looks and demeanor.

"My name’s Wit! It’s nice to meet you human!”

Wit bounced excitedly with large eyes and grabbed my hand, shaking it violently out of excitement for way too long to be comfortable before letting go.

"You look really strange! Do all humans look so weird? No ears or tail, no fangs, no pigmented skin, and you smell like tartar sauce.”

"I– What?”

"You’re such an idiot, do you not know how to properly greet someone?”

The darker boy sighed and avoided eye contact with either of us. I couldn’t tell if they were friends or just happened to approach me at the same time.

"My name’s Lucas. Don’t mind this flea bitten mutt, they’re dense as a frog but have good intentions.”

Wit glared at Lucas’ insult and growled, Lucas however ignored it and continued.

"The school is pretty big, do you need help finding your classes?”

"Uh–”

Well, I had originally planned to avoid everyone but I guess that idea has been chucked out the window. A werewolf and a vampire, I looked at the two uncertainly. 

Despite being monsters they were similar in size to me, we were probably close to the same age. They didn’t necessarily give off a threatening air, but I still couldn’t ease my anxiety.

"Class… 2A.”

I muttered unsurely.

"Hey, that’s our class! Come on, we'll take you there!”

Before Lucas or I could react, Wit quickly grabbed my hand and started running. I nearly tripped over my legs trying to keep up with them as I was dragged down the halls unwillingly. I was too focused on trying not to fall to yell for them to stop or slow down.

Thanks to Wit it only took a couple minutes to get to the class. They turned to me with those same large eyes as I bent over my knees and gasped for breath, almost as if looking for praise.

"If you need anything else don’t be afraid to ask me!”

Somehow I felt I wouldn’t be asking him for help anytime soon.

I stood up and Wit bounced at my movement. Unsure how to handle the energetic werewolf I passively ignored them and walked inside the classroom.

"Ooooh!”

All of a sudden I saw blue right in my face, I yelped and jumped back landing on my bottom.

"I’m sorry! I just wanted to have a look. We don’t get new students often.”

I breathed heavily and looked up to see…

"Ahh!”

She was transparent and floating, I had never seen a ghost in real life and there was something much more haunting about it then a werewolf or a vampire.

The ghost girl looked at me curiously completely unaware of my fear. Unlike the other two I had met she looked much younger, no older than 10 years old at that. Ghosts were projections of the soul after death, does that mean this girl had died this young?

"Are you okay? You look like you just saw a ghost.”

That’s because I have! Did she really just use that expression unironically?!

I shook off my fear and sadness as best as I could and stood up. I tried as hard as I could to ignore the fact she was floating in midair and made my best, nervous smile.

"Hi.”

She smiled widely, apparently pleased at my greeting.

"Hi! My name’s Medi. It’s nice to meet you!”

I blinked and tried to find my words, I couldn’t stop staring past her. It was extremely jarring that I could just see through someone. She noticed my lack of words and turned sideways, her entire body floating diagonally.

"Ahhh… You’re…”

I stuttered as I pointed my finger at her shakily.

"Hmm?”

She blinked innocently, completely unaware of how unnerving her floating was to me.

"Nothing.”

I looked down to avert my eyes, it’s just something I’d have to get used to. I looked out at the sea of chairs to see what my class consisted of. A few werewolves, a cyclops, a few I didn’t recognize, another vampire… Most were looking directly at me and I looked away instinctively.

"Over here!”

I looked over to see Medi was floating over an empty desk.

"This is your seat! Teacher will be here soon! It’s all ready and empty just for you!”

"Thanks.”

I came over and sat down. Medi trilled happily and floated away and at that moment Lucas entered the room. That’s right, he had been left behind when Wit dragged me off. We met eyes for a moment before he walked to his seat.

Maybe I can take a moment to calm down. I had been bombarded from the very moment I walked into the school. I had never been around monsters before, how am I supposed to act? I frustratedly scratched my scalp, thinking to myself how unfair it was and how I didn’t belong here, when I caught an awful stench in the air.

I gagged immediately and clasped my hand over my mouth and nose. What was that awful smell?! It smelled horrid, absolutely putrid, like rotting flesh. I looked around and noticed to the left of me a bandage wrapped individual.

He had his head down and he was wrapped from head to toe, you could barely see his yellow eyes. His only other defining feature was his white hair poking out at the top. This must be a mummy, they were rare and mostly defined by being an undead wrapped in bandages, similar to a zombie but more intelligent.

Ah, as an undead he was a walking corpse, so the smell of flesh and death must be coming from him. I felt guilty for being annoyed that I would have to deal with this stench for the entire school year because I knew it wasn’t his fault, but couldn’t the teacher have been more thoughtful when picking my seating?

My thoughts were broken when the mummy boy moved, he took his school bag and brought out a bottle… of perfume? He slowly sprayed himself and his desk without a word before returning the bottle.

"Sorry…”

I heard him mumble just barely. Did he notice my disgust? Crap… I couldn’t help that the smell made me gag though.

"Um… That’s alright.”

What else was I supposed to say? I should just go ahead and beat myself against a wall.

"I can ask… to change seats… if it bothers you too much…”

"Huh?”

He squirmed in his chair uncomfortably and sighed, as if he struggled to even get the words out.

"No matter what I try I can’t ever get the smell to go away. So it’d probably be better for me to sit far away from you so I’m not such a bother.”

My mouth fell open at such a self-conscious response. Was he always like this or did I make him feel that terrible?

"I-I’ll get used to it.”

I tried to find the words to make him feel better, I couldn’t see his face but I could just imagine him with tears filling his eyes. I’m the worst at comforting people.

"It’s really not a big deal I promise. I look forward to being your deskmate!”

I tried to say it as cheerfully as I could whilst ignoring my burning nose hairs, the perfume had not helped at all.

"What’s your name?”

He didn’t say anything for a couple minutes and then just slowly nodded, he made a small whimper and clutched his bandaged hands together.

"Lane…”

He finally was able to muster out.

I had thought about saying something else to the poor boy to encourage him but at that moment the teacher came in.

A dark green haired pale vampire, he went to the teachers desk and laid down some papers. He examined them silently as the class waited for his instruction. When he finally spoke, it was a cold, serious deep voice.

"We have a new student.”

He looked directly at me.

"If you could come up here and introduce yourself then we can continue with class.”

His sharp eyes pierced my soul and I shuddered. Vampires were without emotions so I knew his demeanor was just how he always was, but I couldn’t help but feel he was extremely displeased with me.

I got up from my chair and went up to the front of the classroom.

"My name is [Name]. It’s… It’s nice to meet you all.”

It was quiet as all eyes were upon me, I stood there awkwardly yet the teacher still stared at me expectantly.

"I’m uh… I’m not as unique as you guys. I’m a human. But I… hope we can all get along.”

"Matilda is the class president and can help you if you need anything in the future.”

I wasn’t sure who that was but I figured they’d introduce themselves to me later. The teacher turned back to his desk and I took that as an initiative to return to my own. When I finally sat down I let out a breath. How exhausting.

—

Math class was as difficult as it always was, though we went over some fundamentals that my other school had gone through so it wasn’t that bad since I already knew the rules. I tapped my pencil on my desk and looked through my notes, disengaging myself from the moving class.

If it could stay like this for the rest of the school year that’d be fine, but I’ve already found my classmates to be thoroughly social with me. I guess they were interested in me since I was the first human to join this school, meanwhile they were the ones that were unique to me.

It was strange, some of them acted like they had never really been near humans much before but as far as I know monsters have been widely accepted in society for at least two centuries now, there wasn’t much reason for them to avoid humans. I was aware many monsters had congregated in their own societies and cities with less humans like this one but it wasn’t an unnatural occurrence for the two races to live together or interact.

I knew for sure I wasn’t the only human in this city even though 90% of the population derived from monsters, but yet many of the kids here acted as if I was the first one they had interacted with up close. Even Wit said it was their first time seeing one so close, I wonder if perhaps they were sheltered.

This school has been for monsters only the last eighty years so I suppose it’d be easy to be sheltered in school life. They only now started accepting humans because there was an issue where the school was accused of being racist and exclusive to humans, so in order to save face and being shut down they opened up to humans too.

The only issue with that is I was the only human that was sent to this school.

I guess it was too intimidating for anyone else.

I was lost in thought until I noticed someone approaching me. It was…

A creature that looked human, but was also creepily doll-like. She was somehow beautiful while also being completely terrifying. Like something that shouldn’t be moving around, she looked exactly like a living human doll.

"Hi, [Name].”

She had a soft voice that reeked with kindness. It had a sense of warmth that completely unmatched her physique.

"I’m Matilda.”

"Oh! You’re the class president!”

I exclaimed loudly.

"Haha, yes.”

She laughed sweetly.

"I just wanted to introduce myself. If there’s anything that you need please let me know, I’d be happy to help you. I know it must be intimidating to be around such a diverse group of students, but I promise you we’re all happy to have you here.”

Ah, she came to try and ease my anxiety. She masked her words politely and sensibly but they were obvious in intent. She wanted to emphasize that there was no danger so I’d quickly know my place. 

"If there are any issues with your classmates or anything about the school I’d be happy to address it with you. The school is quite big with three floors so if you’re unsure about getting around I’d be happy to show you around after school if you’d like.”

She spoke maturely and like every word was scripted, like she was on a stage performing. I noticed she had one leg placed on the other, as if she was in a yoga pose. On one leg, she was completely poised, almost like a music box doll.

"I’m unsure if they told you beforehand but all students are required to participate in at least one club for the school year. I can give you the list of activities during lunch, there’s quite a variety of themes so I’m sure you’ll be able to find something you’ll like.”

"Thanks.”

"Of course. If there’s anything you might need from me, simply call for me, I’ll be happy to attend to your needs.”

"Uh…”

I blinked at her. I had met a variety of interesting people already but she by far was the strangest one. I wasn’t sure if I was comforted by her kind warmth or if I was uncomfortable with her marionette-like speech. She felt approachable yet unapproachable at the same time, and I honestly had no idea what she even was so there wasn’t any further information I could go on.

"Well then I’ll excuse myself.”

She looked at me for a moment, giving me a chance to speak in case I needed anything else, before walking away. She walked on her toes and clutched her dress with both hands, there was something strange about her that I just couldn’t place and I was left puzzled.

I had only a moment to look down at my desk and pick through my thoughts before they were interrupted.

"You ate my pencil again?!”

I turned to see Lucas with an irritated expression directed towards Wit. It was the most expressive I had seen from him thus far. It was a bit surprising as I had heard vampires had limited emotions or even none at all.

"I didn’t mean to!”

Wit exclaimed defensively in response.

"Didn’t mean to my ass, how do you accidentally eat a pencil without realizing it? Surely you can taste the shavings and lead. That was my last one. I knew I shouldn’t have let you use it.”

Despite the arguing I got the feeling there was little to no actual hostility between them, even with Lucas’ obvious irritation. It was almost as if this might be a common routine between the two of them. This was made clear by the way the rest of the class continued their own routines, completely ignoring the two.

I decided to go along with the rest of the class and ignore them as well. As I turned back to the front of the class I screamed as I saw a light, transparent shade of blue in front of me and felt a strange coldness wash over my face, almost like I had exposed it to a bucket of ice.

Medi quickly floated back and covered her mouth, her hands phasing through her face.

"I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to spook you again!”

I clutched my heart as I tried to regain my breath from the near panic attack I almost had. If I wasn’t eaten by a werewolf first I was probably going to die from fright from this little girl!

"I just wanted to ask if you could help me write the notes on the board.”

I peered at her questioningly.

"I can’t touch anything, so it’s difficult for me to write notes. But I’m still required to.”

"Matilda usually helps me but she left with the teacher and I wanted to get them done before the next class. I’d ask Lane but I try not to ask him because he gets sore easily with the whole undead thing. Wit has bad handwriting and Lucas is intimidating, and I don’t really talk to anyone else.”

"You seem really nice and friendly so I thought I’d ask. So could you help me out?”

>Help Medi +1 to Medi

"It must be hard not being able to touch things, I don’t know why the teachers still require you to write notes if it’s something you can’t do.”

I stood up from my seat and Medi led me over to her own, floating over the heads of the other classmates as I walked my way between the seats.

"Oh well, it wouldn’t feel like school if I didn’t write notes or take tests. I’m here to study so even if it’s hard I’d rather participate.”

I couldn’t quite understand myself but it seemed by the happiness in her voice that she seemed to enjoy school. Maybe it made her feel more human?

I sat at Medi's desk and started writing the notes on the board. She peered over my shoulder and sent shivers down my spine with the cold air that surrounded her. She seemed quite interested in simply watching me write for some reason.

"I wish we’d go back to exponents. Geometry is so hard! I think I lost my sense of shapes when I became a ghost. It’s hard to understand things I can’t touch.”

"Geometry and exponents share similarities as they both use multiplications often.”

"Yeah but there’s so many different formulas depending on the shape. I can’t remember all that! Sometimes it’s like my head is full of air, I’m always forgetting stuff.”

It was funny how Medi would say things that were ironically true in a way that sounded sarcastic.

"I find anything with multiplication to be difficult myself, I guess we all have subjects we’re better at than others.”

"Hehe, that type of math has always been easy for me! Exponent two by the third power is easy! You just go two times two times two equals six! Boom, easy A!”

Wait, what?

Before I could say anything she laughed gleefully. I was surprised at how positive she was considering that she died at a young age. Well, I guess the ghost of a child is bound to exhibit childish behavior. I guess I always assumed they’d be sorrowful and gloomy like the weeping ghosts you always read about in books.

Every time I remember this girl was dead and I was seeing a projection of her soul I’d feel a sense of sadness in my heart. I was… talking to someone who was dead. Someone that would never truly exist in this world again.

"[Name]?”

I looked over at her. Upon seeing her worried face I realized the tears welling up in my eyes.

"Are you okay? You suddenly stopped writing.”

"Ahh… Sorry I got lost in thought.”

"Mmm…”

Medi looked at me for a silent moment.

"Math makes me sad too.”

>Refuse

"I’m sorry, my handwriting is pretty illegible too. It’d probably be better to ask someone else.”

Medi looked at me for a moment and then slowly looked to the floor, her smile unchanging. Without saying a word she accepted my refusal and floated towards Lane. 

I felt a bit guilty because it wasn’t a hard request, but it was true my writing was pretty bad and plus I had told myself I’d minimize as many interactions with others as possible. Sorry Medi, my goal is to have a peaceful school year and the easiest way to do that is to keep to myself!

—

The bell rang right after the social studies teacher had walked out the door and the classroom became lively with movement as lunch had finally arrived. As a new student, lunch was going to be one of the hardest things for me. At my old school I had a couple friends that’d help me squeeze through the crowd to the food court before the good stuff was taken, I don’t have the privilege of friends anymore however.

Not only that but I’d have to figure out where to sit as well. Usually I’d join my friends at a table in the cafeteria, but the problem with the cafeteria is you usually sit with people. But since I don’t know anyone that’s hardly an option. I could go back and eat in the classroom, since most people go to the cafeteria or courtyard to eat. It's probably a safer option.

I guess I could also go to the roof. At my old school it was a popular place to eat but the scenery made the crowd worth it. There was something relaxing about eating under the sky and being able to see across the courtyard.

I followed the lunch crowd to find the cafeteria as casually as I could for a stranger in a new school. The cafeteria was about as big as my old one and just like my other school the wave of students bumped into each other as each person tried to claw their way to the counter to get the best options before it ran out. Except maybe because they were monsters they were a bit aggressive.

I noticed a pair of werewolves, one which had the other in a headlock. I could hear two kids arguing about line cutting. I tried to make myself small and invisible as I joined the line of students.

Eventually I made it to the counter. I immediately noticed how strangely normal the food looked for a monster high school. There was the occasional weird package like one labeled "calcium” that had a bunch of white powder in it and the bottles of blood for the vampires. But besides that I saw bread and baked beans, macaroni and broccoli, even a couple pieces of sausages.

I chose a pepperoni and sausage pizza myself and a bottle of water. Upon leaving the lunch line I realized my hardest decision was before me. Where to eat. 

I peered across the cafeteria among the wave of students, all unique and strange to me. There was no way I could just sit down next to anyone. It was too intimidating.

I noticed Lucas and Wit at a table close to a wall. I guess they were an option, they were pretty friendly to me when I first arrived and it’d make me look less like an outcast if I sat down next to someone. But I could also just go back to the classroom and eat in peace, or even the roof.

>Eat with Wit and Lucas +1 Wit +1 Lucas

It’ll probably be better to mingle with the couple people I’ve met. They seemed friendly enough I felt I could approach them. I made my way through the crowd with my paper plate up to their table.

"Can I sit with you two?”

They both looked at me and Wit was the first to answer.

"Yeah of course!”

I sat down in front of the excited wolf as they looked at me with excited eyes. Sometimes I felt like they stared at me like I was some sort of zoo animal. Excited and curious.

I noticed Lucas turn and cover his drink with his arm. Ah… Right. Just as Medi’s floating was unnerving to me, the idea of someone drinking human blood… Blood the same as mine… It seemed Lucas was really considerate.

>Make conversation with Wit

I looked at Wit’s place and noticed a pile of sausages and beef patties. I guess that makes sense since werewolves are carnivorous, it was surprising how much they had on their plate though.

"I didn’t know they’d let you take that much food.”

Wit looked up at me as they ripped a sausage in half with their teeth.

"They let you have as much as you want. Since a lot of us have different digestive systems and needs they don’t restrict us from anything unless you ask for something weird.”

"Werewolves grow fast and often expend a lot of energy so it’s normal for them to eat a lot during meals.”

"Did you get enough [Name]?”

Wit looked at my plate with my sad little single piece of pizza.

"Ah, at my old school you were only allowed to get one piece so there was enough for everyone.”

I said and laughed a bit to try and brush it off.

All of a sudden Wit threw their sausage on their plate, jumped up and ran off towards the stand. It happened very fast I didn’t even realize what was going on. I watched as they ran to the stand, cut everyone in line and shove past another werewolf who was getting their food. 

The wolf yelled at Wit, Wit bared their teeth and raised their body and the other wolf, who was a couple inches shorter, stepped back defeatedly. They quickly started stacking the plate and almost just as fast they came back with a plate stacked with…8 …9, 10 pieces of pizza?!

"Here, here! Eat up! You gotta eat too!”

They shoved the plate over to me and beamed brightly.

"Food is the world's best gift so make sure you get your fill!”

I looked at the huge pile of pizza and laughed nervously. Wit was so eccentric and impulsive but they truly meant well. It was nice to meet someone so genuinely kind without a second thought, like second nature.

"Make sure to eat a lot. Don’t wanna go to P.E on an empty stomach. Food is the world's best energy after all. Coach runs us pretty hard and it’d be bad if you had to go to the nurse because you didn’t eat enough.”

"I’m not sure pizza is the best food for energy.”

Still, it’d be a shame if I let their effort go to waste. There was no way I’d be able to eat all of this myself and I felt guilty they went through the trouble for that, but it also made me happy they went that far for someone they barely knew. 

>Make conversation with Lucas

"I didn’t think you’d like sitting in the cafeteria Lucas.”

Lucas looked at me curiously, I guess he was surprised I spoke to him.

"Mutt likes being around people.”

So he sits in the cafeteria because of Wit? I guess Lucas really doesn’t like to sit in the cafeteria but he puts his friends comfort over his own. He seems kind of antisocial and abrasive in demeanor but I guess he’s actually really caring. I guess that’s why they say not to judge a book by it’s cover

"How are you settling in?”

"Oh… It’s a bit overwhelming but everyone seems nice I guess.”

"I was worried I’d be isolated being the only human here. I was really surprised at how friendly everyone seems to be.”

I recounted the monsters I had met today. Wit and Lucas were quick to approach me and make me feel welcomed, despite Lucas being a bit unsocial he still went out of his way. I didn’t have the best introduction with Lane, but Medi and Matilda seemed genuinely kind as well.

"We know what it’s like to be isolated by others so we try not to do that to others.”

I was taken aback by Lucas’ response. He was looking directly at me almost as if to say… Is he talking about humans?

"Well.. I…”

I stumbled to try to find the words. His sharp eyes felt like they were digging holes into me, like he was accusing me of something.

"You’ll find the school is a bit eccentric and a bit odd.”

He paused, staring straight into my eyes for a moment. I felt uncomfortable at his presence all of a sudden, like he had some sort of hostility towards me.

"But we treat each other equally and like friends. After all, we're all the same.”

"I’m not sure about that.”

I said aloud while I let out a small breath.

"There’s clearly differences between you all, I mean. Different diets, different looks, different needs. I’d hardly say you’re all the same.”

There was an awkward silence. Wit, who was usually talkative, was focused on their food, and Lucas looked at me with an unchanging expression.

"But we all feel the same, don’t we? We all feel sad, angry or happy sometimes. We all experience life together. That’s what makes us all the same.”

I felt like an idiot. I was looking at it all from a shallow point of view. I should’ve known he meant more than just dietary differences.

"That makes us the same too!”

Wit boasted out loud and looked at me.

"That’s why we’ll treat you the same too! You’re our friend too after all!”

I was taken aback and felt sudden guilt latch onto my heart. This morning I was scared I was going to get eaten or possessed. But they hadn’t thought anything different about me from any of the other students besides my different appearance. I had stereotyped them and kept myself guarded from the beginning and yet…

"Yeah…”

I muttered and smiled to myself. Maybe this school wouldn’t be so bad. Instead of looking at the differences between me and everyone else, I should focus on our similarities and how we can relate. 

Lucas finally averted his eyes and drank from his blood cup. The hostility disappeared and maybe I was imagining it but perhaps he was even pleased? Despite his unchanging expression I could feel a different air that expressed his emotions clearly. Maybe I’m just imagining it.

>Eat in the classroom

I only met Lucas and Wit this morning so I think it’d be better to eat in the classroom. At least there it’s less likely I’ll have to interact with anyone. I was still unsure how to handle myself in the school so it might be better to continue to keep to myself.

There were people in the halls but it wasn’t crowded, making it easy to traverse back to the classroom. It was a bit uncomfortable since I’d get a lot of stares from the students I passed, but I did my best to ignore it trying to remind myself I’m a new student so they’re probably just curious about me.

I opened the door and immediately noticed a shade of blue in the middle of the class. Medi stood… err, floated in the air, expanding her arms much like a starfish. Lane was the only other person in the classroom. He sat in his seat and was using a spoon to mix something in a cup.

Well, at least it’s less overwhelming than the cafeteria. I awkwardly walked to my desk and sat down trying to avoid contact with the two. However the moment I had started to walk my footsteps gained Medi’s attention. I heard her gasp and she quickly floated over to me once I sat down.

"[Name]! You came! You came!”

"Ah, yeah. The cafeteria was a bit overwhelming.”

Lane was huddled over his desk, appearing smaller than he was. His fingers which held his spoon shook a bit. Was he uncomfortable around me or was he always this anxious? It seemed like his cup was filled with… applesauce?

"Yep yep! Sooo many people. Everyone gets excited for lunch!”

Medi’s excited voice made me smile instinctively. She was always upbeat; it was kind of uplifting to be around.

Medi kind of floated back looking at me expectantly. I noticed Lane making furtive side glances at me as he fumbled with his cup.

>Make conversation with Medi

"You don’t get excited about lunch Medi?”

I realized instantly I was talking to a ghost… I was trying to continue the conversation and ended up saying something stupid. Despite my ignorant reply, Medi's smile didn’t change. I internally smacked my head against a wall.

"Nah. I used to though!”

"Hmm…”

I wonder what kind of food Medi used to like. Was it wrong to ask a ghost about their previous life?

"I used to eat a lot of chicken! Teriyaki chicken was my favorite though! Oh and teriyaki udon, and teriyaki beef, and teriyaki bell peppers…”

"You really liked teriyaki huh?”

"Oh yes! I’m pretty sure teriyaki came from the holy grail. It was that good!”

"The… what?”

"You know, the holy grail! The cup the divine used at the last supper! That’s what they say anyways, I don’t know if it’s true. But I’m sure whatever the holy grail was filled with was the most delicious thing to ever delish! That’s why I’m sure it was probably teriyaki that was served in it.”

I struggled to find a response especially since I could tell she was being completely serious. My mouth closed and opened again only to close once more. Medi looked at me expectantly for a response.

"I like teriyaki too.”

I kind of chuckle. It wasn’t that there was something wrong with what she said, it was just that it was so random and strange I genuinely didn’t know what to reply with. The things she said made me laugh since it was so cute and genuine, but I just didn’t know what to say back.

Medi seemed pleased enough with my response at least.

>Make conversation with Lane

Lane kept glancing over at me like he wanted to say something. I turned to him and he made a nervous squeak and looked away.

"I’m sorry if I make you uncomfortable.”

He turned back to me very slowly and then shook his head.

"No seriously, you can tell me if I do.”

He quietly looked at me for a moment, his eyes found the ground and he spoke softly and nervously.

"I was just wondering… what that tasted like.”

"Huh?”

"Your food.”

I looked at the pizza in my hand.

"You’ve never had pizza before?”

He shook his head again.

"Um… Pizza didn’t exist …when I was alive.”

"Do you want it?”

He shook his head again.

"I… I can’t taste it anyways.”

I looked at him puzzled for a moment.

"Yep yep, Lane’s taste buds are dead so he wouldn’t be able to enjoy it anyways. That’s why we stay here for lunch.”

Medi chirped in. I guess Lane and her knew each other well enough.

I guess that makes sense. The undead are a walking, living corpse. Despite this everything else about them is dead. Their insides, their skin, and I guess that’d include their senses. I never really thought about all the specifics.

"It tastes like melted cheese. Hmm, the sausage is a bit dry but still good.”

Lane nodded quietly in response. It was really hard to keep a conversation with him.

"What are you eating then?”

"Ah…”

He brushed his finger against the cup of applesauce for a moment.

"Calcium.”

I remember seeing those packs of calcium at the counter.

"I don’t technically need food to survive since my body doesn’t grow or need to sustain itself.”

He paused and nervously fumbled with the cup.

"But I still use my muscles and bones for walking around and stuff. I also take protein, vitamin and mineral supplements for my muscles. Otherwise… I get really sore.”

"My body doesn’t digest food itself very well since my digestive system…”

He trailed off for a moment.

"The applesauce?”

"Uh… it’s light enough. I don’t mind the pills in the morning but the calcium dust makes my throat really dry. So I mix it… with…”

I see. I didn’t realize the undead also had to take care of their bodies like that, I thought they didn’t have to eat at all. I guess there’s a lot I still didn’t know about. The information books I read from my parents library only had so much detail, and I only read one of the basic information books.

I noticed Lane fumbling with his applesauce even more. I guess conversation made him nervous, this was the most I had heard him talk.

"I learned a lot just now. Thank you.”

He widened his eyes for a moment and then… smiled? I couldn’t see his mouth but his eyes softened up. He nodded in response and turned back to his food. I smiled to myself, I’m glad I was able to ease him a bit. He seemed nice, if a bit shy.

I realized Medi had been awfully quiet up until now. I turned to glance at her and found her counting on her fingers with a puzzled expression. I guess she found a way to keep herself busy while I talked to Lane. 

>Eat at the school roof +1 Matilda

I think the scenery of the school roof might make me feel better. Today has been pretty overwhelming so far so being under the sky might help. Besides, usually people that go up to the roof stay with their friends so it’s more likely people won’t approach me. 

I went out into the hallway and roamed around until I found the stairs to the next floor. Since my class was on the first floor I didn’t know where they were yet but thankfully they weren’t too hard to find. I tried to ignore the students who stared at me as I passed them, it was a bit uncomfortable being the new student.

I tread up all four flights of stairs and opened the door to get a nice, cool breeze to my face. Spring weather was probably my favorite weather. The sun shines and the air is warm, when that light wind hits your skin it’s like heaven.

Sure enough there were a few small groups of people sitting on the benches of the roof. Thankfully I found one that was barren of any people and sat down by myself. I quietly ate my food as I looked at the sky and out through the courtyard.

There were less bushes and flowers than my last school but the large yard of grass was still a nice sight. Over towards the side of the school was a good sized dirt field with four white pads, one in each corner. I guess they must play baseball here and I bet that’s where they’ll hold our P.E. class.

I turned to open my water and noticed a tall figure approaching me. When I looked up I saw the unsettling, beautiful appearance of none other than the class president. She smiled and nodded at me in greeting.

"I wanted to see how you were settling in.”

"Oh, I think I’m doing fine. Everyone’s pretty nice.”

"That’s good. I like to think our school is full of very kind people.”

She smiled. She was always smiling. But not in the way Wit and Medi does. Somehow I felt as if the smile she enforced was fake, ungenuine, a mask. It didn’t show the same kindness and warmth, but instead a false sense of security.

"Did you already eat?”

I wanted to think of something else. Her smile made me a bit nervous and I didn’t want to try and have to see through it.

"Oh, I don’t eat.”

She said it as if it was obvious. It reminded me that I don’t really know what Matilda is. I had noticed the stitches on her wrist and neck, but that didn’t give me much information. I couldn’t think of any monster that had those.

"My body does not require nutrients.”

Maybe she’s an undead then? I know undead don’t really need to eat since their body is dead they don’t need to sustain themselves. But she didn’t really look like any of the undeads I had seen in the information books. Her skin was pale like a vampire's, but it looked more like a porcelain doll than anything else.

"I was wondering if you’d like to go over the list of clubs before class starts?”

"Oh, right. You did say I had to join a club didn’t you?”

Matilda nodded and gently handed me a piece of paper she had in her hand this entire time. 

I was immediately surprised at the extensive list before my eyes. Drama, photography, cooking, gardening, art, music, debate… There had to be at least fifty clubs here, the paper was single spaced front and back.

"I know it’s a lot. The school wanted to cover as many of the students' interests and passions as they could, so as the years went by the list just kept getting bigger and bigger.”

"If you have any questions or any you’re particularly interested in let me know and I’d be happy to give you more information.”

Despite the amount of clubs I noticed here there was a distinct lack of a certain type of club…

"Are there any sports clubs?”

There didn’t seem to be anything relating to basketball, soccer, or volleyball… Not even a simple track club.

"Sports are a bit difficult to apply in a school like this.”

I looked up at Matilda upon her reply.

"It’s a team sport that requires certain skills and abilities. No matter what accommodations would be placed there’s no way they could have everyone playing on equal footing.”

"For example, let’s say there’s a soccer team. Soccer is a sport that requires running, yes? Well that might be easy for a werewolf but it’d exclude or discourage a mummy from being able to play without literally falling apart.”

"Even if the mummy joined they’d have a clear difference in their ability to play. It might just make the werewolf frustrated that their mummy teammate can’t keep up. Or it might make the mummy frustrated that they have limited physical capabilities.”

"It’d only encourage exclusivity among other students. It’d be wrong to only allow certain people to join just because of what they are, don’t you think?”

I hadn’t really thought of that but it made sense. I imagined Wit and Lane on the same team in a soccer game and I could clearly see the difference in my head. Wit running around like he’s on four cups of coffee while Lane stumbled around trying to keep up.

>It must be difficult when everyone is so different.

Matilda narrowed her eyes at me and her expression changed. I felt as if she was looking down at me, her eyes glossed over with apathy.

"I don’t think it’s much different for humans at all.”

"Well it’s harder to exclude people when we all have the same basic needs.”

"Really? It seems to me human society lives in a constant state of exclusion of those with different needs.”

"Well, it’s more that we don’t have such varied needs per person.”

"I believe you can only say that because you come from a place of privilege.”

"Excuse me?!”

I was astounded at her hostile reply. This wasn’t exactly how I imagined this conversation to go. I was just trying to say I understood the reason for not having sports clubs, but somehow this turned into some argument over the differences between humans and monsters?

I heard Matilda sigh and her expression softened.

"I apologize. I didn’t mean to say it like that.”

"I more of meant that it’s possible you haven’t had to experience exclusion due to differences, so it might be difficult for you to understand.”

I didn’t know how to feel. It hardly felt like an apology but I’m sure I might not have expressed what I was trying to say well myself. I wasn’t trying to cite an argument at all rather than relay my own thoughts on the subject. I didn’t know she felt so strongly about it.

The bell thankfully gave reason to end the awkward conversation. Matilda apologized again, bowed and walked away. I watched as she took unbalanced steps and felt a churn in my stomach. 

That apathetic, hostile expression she made earlier. It was such a change from the impression she generally gave. It made me wonder if I could have imagined it.

>I guess it’s better to make sure everyone can be included

Matilda nodded and seemed pleased.

"I agree. That’s why I love this school so much. Despite all of our differences and needs, everyone makes sure that nobody is excluded or isolated. That everyone is treated equally.”

"But… don’t you worry that it’s a bit unfair for those who could play sports to be unable to just so others won’t feel excluded.”

"I can understand why you think that and by no means am I saying that if everybody can’t enjoy it then nobody can.”

"In this case though, having sports would only encourage exclusivity and even racism.”

"How would it encourage racism?”

"As I said, a mummy wouldn’t be able to keep up with a werewolf. If they were on the same team and they lost because of the mummy’s lack of physical capabilities, it’d likely cause the werewolf to blame the mummy. This would encourage the idea that werewolves are more capable than mummies when that isn’t the case.”

"If we had a way to accommodate everyone to be able to play fairly then that’d be great. But as of right now we don’t have the ability to do that with so many different characters we have here.”

"The best we could do is only allow certain people to join the team, and putting "Only werewolves can join” on a club banner would only incite further racism and superiority. Don’t you think so?”

I hadn’t thought about all that. It made sense but honestly it was a lot at once. I had never really thought this deeply about it. 

Matilda must have seen my thoughts and continued.

"For example… Did you know Lane gets extra accommodations for taking notes and doing work? You may know this but because of the undead's lack of movement during death, constant movement causes them to become sore.”

"It wouldn’t be right to tell him to either write through the pain or take a bad grade would it? Sometimes he even gets handwritten notes from the teacher if it’s a lot.”

"When you think about it, it’s no different from a student that might have arthritis getting similar accommodations because of their joint pain. It may seem like favoritism or special treatment to everyone else, but is it really if others can do the same thing without said accommodations?”

"People seem to be so obsessed over working into society’s customs when I believe society should bend to accept everyone’s differences as the norm. I’m not saying everyone should bend over backwards for people who have different needs, but giving correct accommodations when necessary should be considered normal.”

"Isn’t it the same with wheelchair ramps and elevators for the disabled? The question is, how far can society really take it before it’s truly fair for everyone.”

"I never thought about it like that.”

"So… you’re saying instead of monsters integrating to belong into human society, human society should integrate to match monsters' needs?”

"It’s not just monsters. Humans still have so far to go to even accommodate their own differences. It hardly ends at wheelchair ramps and handwritten notes for someone with arthritis.”

"But I think it’s a step in the right direction.”

At that moment the bell rang. A soft wind blew and Matilda’s hair waved beautifully in the wind. I was lost in thought at her speech. I had never thought about it all before. As someone who didn’t have extra needs I had never had the reason to think about it.

I had kept thinking monsters being accepted into society was enough. But Matilda was right, with all their differences it’d be impossible for them to completely integrate into society and bend to what was considered normal.

I’ve been so privileged and ignorant. I didn’t even stop and think it’s not just monsters that have trouble bending to society's will. I suddenly remembered about the protest for handicapped rights we learned about in school. It took so much just for a minority to get basic rights for themselves.

How much further could we go into society if we just accepted differences as a norm, rather than expecting differences to abide by our norms?

—

Science class went by relatively fast along with world history. They were both mostly taking notes on the board and just like math class, I had already gone over the subject in world history that they were learning. The teacher did say we would have a test at the end of the week so I should make sure to remember the notes we took.

The final class of the day was P.E. I thought it was weird to have P.E. at the very end of the day but I guess it’s a good way to get the students exercise before they go home. Wit especially seemed happy at this time of day as they ran out the door in a flash the moment we were dismissed. I guess being cramped inside the school all day must be really hard for them with their energy.

I followed Wit and the rest of the class to the courtyard where we split off the path towards the side of the school in a large dirt field. There were four white pads in each corner of the square-field.

"If there aren’t any sports clubs then why do you have baseball pads here?”

"There for laps!”

When we had gathered a large, built werewolf with a gruff face and a lot of facial hair came up to us.

"Alright everyone you know the drill. Four laps for everyone. Lane I’d like to see at least one out of you, Medi at least pretend like you’re running laps. Werewolves I expect at least eight by the end of class. Go.”

Wit and a few other werewolves wasted no time. It was like a flash and the group all darted across the field, a couple running on all fours. They howled and yipped and laughed as they excitedly sprinted off, all of them trying to keep the lead as if it was a race between them.

Meanwhile the rest of the class started running to the baseball pads at their own pace. Some were more agitated than others. Medi floated alongside a cyclops and Matilda and Lane walked at a steady pace side by side.

The gruff teacher turned towards me.

"I don’t know nothing about humans now, so tell me. How many laps should I expect from you?”

"Uh, I was on track for a couple years. I think I can do at least three.”

He looked out to the field with an unsure face. Maybe he underestimated the stamina of a human? Looking at the wolves already on their third lap I could understand why.

"Alright, I want to see at least three then. If you can do more feel free too but don’t push yourself. If you run out of breath and need to break you can sit at the side over there with the others.”

He pointed towards a tree that offered shade not far from the dirt field. A blue cooler sat near the tree.

I looked at the teacher, realized he had nothing further to say and started my own laps. I didn't do a full on sprint but I did keep to a jog. As long as I kept to my own pace I should easily be able to do at least three, not pushing yourself was the main thing we were taught in track. That and breathing properly while you run. 

The wolves passed me multiple times during my laps. They passed so quickly they brought a wind with them. It seemed as the eighth lap approached they were getting more competitive, I even noticed a couple of them snapping at each other if they got close and Wit shoved their shoulder into another as they started to take the lead.

I guess that’s why the coach singled out the werewolves for eight laps.

I was able to do four before I felt myself out of breath and sore. Upon hitting the final base I stopped for a walk and headed over to the tree. I took a glance at the coach who seemed to be pleased with my performance.

Lane and a few others were already sitting at the tree, though they were spaced away from each other. I took a water bottle out of the cooler, drank a few gulps and then wiped the seat off my brow. The day was nice and warm but it felt excruciatingly hot from the heat of exercise. 

I noticed Lane messing with some of the bandages on his foot, it seemed he was applying some fresh bandages? It seemed like he was struggling a bit as the wrappings kept sliding off of his gray toned foot.

>Approach Lane

I walked over to Lane and sat down next to him. The moment I sat down he immediately covered his foot, curled his knees to his chest and laid his head on his knees.

"Do you need some help? It seemed like you were struggling.”

Lane quickly shook his head and buried his face into his knees.

"It’s alright, I struggle whenever I have to put a bandaid on, I can’t imagine having to wrap myself.”

I tried to ease his anxiety as best as I could, but he shook his head yet again.

It was probably better to not push so I sat there quietly and sipped on my water bottle. Lane refused to move from his protected position for quite some time. Eventually he slowly looked up at me. I looked back and the moment we met eyes I saw tears fill his eyes.

"Huh? Did I upset you?”

I simply returned his gaze, did I somehow intimidate him?

"I-I…”

He stuttered and I could see him shaking a bit.

"I’m… I’m a shy wrapper…”

"Huh?”

He took a breath as he gathered up the confidence to express himself clearly.

"I… I get shy… if someone is watching me… wrap…”

"Oh…”

It appears I might’ve done the opposite of what I had intended to do. I had just wanted to help, I hadn’t realized it would be uncomfortable for him.

I scooted away a bit and turned my back from him.

"Let me know if you want me to completely leave.”

I didn’t hear a reply so stayed where I was. The wolves were still running but everyone else had dispersed. They either stood in a couple small groups chatting away or had sat somewhere on the side, awaiting the end of class and school.

"Okay…”

I heard Lane’s soft, anxious voice and returned to my previous position.

"Is it okay if I sit here with you?”

Lane nodded slowly and held on to his newly wrapped foot. I found it difficult to keep conversation with him but at the same time felt a need to somehow ease his anxiety.

"Is there any way I could make you more comfortable with me?”

Lane shook his head and I drooped a bit. Maybe he was like this with everyone and just not me?

"I can’t adjust. It’s impossible.”

I looked at him inquisitively.

"I’ve only been awake for six months…”

I see. So he was still adjusting to the world after waking from death. No wonder he was so anxious about everything. It’s a big change to suddenly wake up years later after dying and trying to return to your daily life.

It made me realize something. If he’s only been awake for six months that means they probably put him in the class appropriate for his age, which would make him the same age as me. That means he died at the age of fifteen.

I felt a heavy weight on my heart similar to the one I had when I realized Medi was the ghost of a young girl. Lane didn’t even get to live a full life before dying and now he was expected to adjust to his surroundings. That’s a lot to take in even for an adult, I couldn’t imagine how it must feel for him.

I suddenly understood why he was so nervous and sensitive. 

"I can’t say I fully understand from experience. But I think I can guess how hard that must be.”

Add that to the fact mummies awaken centuries after their death, not only did he have to adjust returning from death but also to the immense difference in time period. Waking up from the Victorian era to the modern two thousands must be a surreal experience.

"The only way I can even try to relate is with my experience of moving.”

"I grew up in my old home for fifteen years. Suddenly my parents moved across the country to another state and uprooted my life. I left all my friends, the school I knew, the house and neighborhood I grew up in. I didn’t even have a choice.”

"I was angry because I didn’t get a choice. I was scared because I didn’t know what to expect. I was sad because it felt unfair.”

"In no way am I trying to compare our situations. Yours is obviously much more difficult. I can’t imagine waking up centuries after dying and trying to pick up where I left off.”

"I guess what I’m trying to say is… In what little way I can relate, I hope that might make you feel better. I know I feel better when someone understands how I feel.”

Lane was quiet for a long time and I watched as the werewolves continued to run. I became worried that perhaps I shouldn’t have tried to relate in any way. But eventually Lane spoke.

"Thanks…”

At that moment the coach blew on the whistle.

>Ignore Lane

I’d probably bother him if I approached him and offered help. He’s painfully shy as it is and I don’t want to make him any more uncomfortable than I did this morning. 

I sat down and laid my legs out and watched the wolves continue to run laps for the rest of the class. 

Eventually the coach blew on a whistle. 

The wolves immediately turned from their path towards the coach and gathered up in front of him like a group of puppies. I stood up and brushed my bottom off. School was almost over for the day!

—

We returned to the class and gathered all our materials and items up. Most students were heading to their clubs but since I had yet to join one I could go straight home. I’m sure they’ll want me to choose one soon, probably even by tomorrow. I guess I could go over and check out a few that seemed interesting, but suddenly lost the motivation the moment I remembered the extensive list.

I waited in my seat and looked out the window as the students poured out of the classroom. I figured it’d be easier if I waited for the halls to clear out so I didn’t have to push through people and get stared at.

After about fifteen minutes I slung my backpack over my shoulder and left the classroom. I got about halfway down the hall when I saw Matilda. She saw me and approached me quickly.

"I’m glad I caught you. Were you wanting me to give you a tour around the school? I’d be happy to show you around.”

She smiled again and placed her foot on her other leg as she did when I first met her. She did say something about that earlier. The building was three stories big but I already have experience traversing school buildings without prior knowledge. We didn’t have a tour and were expected to find our own classes at my old school. Plus if I really got lost I’m sure I could ask Wit.

But even more I felt like she was only extending this offer out of obligation. I don’t really want to be a bother if that’s the case. She might feel like she has too because she’s the class president. It might be better to decline if that’s the case.

>Accept Matilda’s proposal

"Yeah, I’d appreciate that. It’d be bad if something happened and I didn’t know where the school nurse was.”

"Or if you happened to walk into the teachers lounge by accident.”

"I’ve done that before for sure.”

"I fear our teachers are a bit aggressive when dealing with students, so it’d be unfortunate if you got the wrong idea over a mistake.”

I looked at her inquisitively and with concern. Aggressive with students?

"No need to make that face. Some of us need to be handled a bit more firmly is all. Otherwise it’s complete and utter chaos.”

"But I worry it might be off putting for you.”

I nodded. I had read that since werewolves live in a societal structure of alphas that they tend to be a bit difficult to handle, so I can imagine what she means now. Though I suddenly thought of students like Lane who seemed to be painfully shy.

"I’ll try to keep that in mind.”

"No one here will mean you any harm, I can promise you that.”

There she goes again. Trying to make sure I know my place. She was emphasizing on the fact that there was nothing to fear here. As the only human here I guess she can understand my anxiety. But it was strange she masked it with concern when her words screamed at me to cause no trouble.

If I were to suddenly raise an issue that the other students here harmed me or I was scared it could cause a problem. Monsters have been accepted in humanity for two centuries but attacks and accusations between the two still caused news stations and society to explode. I wonder if she feels threatened by my presence?

I wanted to question her about it but at that moment she turned her back and motioned for me to follow. She started walking with unbalanced steps and I quietly followed behind her. I couldn’t figure her out. She didn’t quite show hostility, but it was like she was trying to show authority or something. Yet she showed it in a sort of strange form of kindness, like she was concerned about me.

I wonder if I should try to get to know her better or if I should avoid her.

It took what seemed like forever but eventually Matilda showed me the entirety of the school building. She made sure to point out where important rooms were like the teachers office and the nurses office. She pointed out other rooms for what they were but mostly glossed over anywhere I probably wouldn’t be going to.

She bid me farewell and reminded me if I needed anything that I could ask her anytime, just as she usually did. I thanked her and tread down the stairs to the first floor and made my way to the school entrance.

>Decline Matilda’s proposal

"I think I can find my way around myself, but thank you.”

She nodded at me.

"Of course. As your class president it is my duty to make sure all students in the class are accommodated and taken care of.”

"As I told you before, if there is anything you need please let me know. I’d be happy to be of assistance.”

That same robotic speech I noticed last time too. I had never heard someone talk so formally or like they were reading a script. It felt hard to have a casual conversation with her.

But it seems I was right that she felt obligated because she’s the class president. So it probably made her feel relieved that I declined.

She stood there for a moment to give me a chance to speak before bowing to me.

"I’ll be off then.”

She then walked away past me. I stared after her and she walked in an unbalanced way. Did she have trouble walking? I felt something was off again but I couldn’t quite place it. Could it be related to the way she stands?

I shrugged it off and made my way to the school entrance.

As I opened the door to exit an adult who I assumed was a teacher caught me and requested I follow them. They took me to the principal who simply laid out the basic rules of the school, what they expected from me, if there were any issues to come to them… Everything you’d hear at the beginning of the school year before everyone started classes.

Since I missed the beginning of the school year they had to go over it with me privately. It was basically the same as my other school. The principal told me about the mandatory club and I told him Matilda had already gone over that with me. He requested I pick one by tomorrow and I agreed.

He finally set me on my way and I found myself a bit frustrated. I understood they wanted me to settle in and get all the procedures out of the way as fast as possible, but how could they expect me to narrow down a single club out of so many? 

By now the halls were crowded as clubs had been released. I had planned to go home once class was over but it seemed I ended up staying the extra hour of club time anyways.

I decided to slip back into the classroom since it was on the way to the entrance to wait out the storm of students going home. Today has been painfully long and overwhelming. I had met a lot of nice people but at the same time I felt completely isolated when I stood next to everyone else.

It was like someone had put me in a pink shirt and put me in a group of people all wearing white shirts. Perhaps that was a very specific example but it was the best I could come up with. 

It wasn’t like it wasn’t obvious to other students too. I had been stared at by others all day for simply just existing. It was exhausting and I felt like I was being scrutinized by them all. I’m sure they were all curious about the new kid especially being human but couldn’t they have made it less obvious?

After about fifteen minutes passed I stood up and exited the classroom. They’ll probably be closing the school in the next hour and I’m sure most of the students have already cleared the building.

I made my way through the much-cleared halls to the entrance and noticed Lucas leaning against a wall in the hall by himself. It looked like he was waiting and I noticed he didn’t even have any of his belongings with him.

>Approach Lucas

"Hey Lucas, are you waiting on Wit or something.”

Lucas had his arms crossed and just looked at me without a word.

"Did you forget your belongings in the classroom or something?”

His expression suddenly changed as if he was bewildered.

"Are you serious?”

I suddenly felt like a worm on a hook. I squirmed uncomfortably and looked down.

"Sorry, I was just curious why you were standing here while everyone else was going home.”

He looked at me with the same bewildered face for a moment.

"I’m a vampire.”

"Yeah I know.”

He became quiet and just stared at me as if he was expecting something from me.

"I’m sorry, am I missing something?”

"It’s daytime.”

I froze in place and immediately realized why he was so bewildered at my question. I completely forgot that vampires burned in the sun. Now that I think back Lucas didn’t come outside during gym class, instead he stayed back in the class.

"So wait… do you just stay here until it becomes dark enough?”

"Yeah.”

Even if he was a vampire was there not anything more they could do? Being stuck at school until the sun went down sounded incredibly boring.

"Do you really have to?”

"Yeah, what else do you think I can do?”

"Well… How did you get here this morning?”

"I came before the sun rose. One of the vampire teachers has to come in that early too so he just unlocks it for us.”

"C-Can’t they offer something like night classes?”

"There aren’t enough teachers to handle all the subjects we need to get through at night, nor are there enough students to make it a high demand.”

"Also we do what we’re expected to to fit in. It’s not like there’s a lot of night classes for humans.”

"There are some online courses too.”

"But is it normal? Is there a constant demand for night classes? Are there entire schools dedicated to holding classes at night?”

I stopped and realized he had a point. Sure there were night classes available in some places but if you told someone you attended them it’d definitely raise questions as to why you couldn’t just attend day classes. Even if there was a school that was dedicated to holding night classes, it’s not like there was an abundance of them to consider it normal.

"But… Isn’t it just a necessity for you?”

"I wouldn’t call it a necessity when I have other options. Like staying here until night falls.”

"The school does well to accommodate as many of the students as they can but there’s only so much they can do. They can’t disrupt an entire system for a minority.”

Something about what he said left a bad taste in my mouth. They couldn’t disrupt an entire system for a minority?

"And are you okay with that?”

"It’s not like the world bends to my needs.”

"But you require different needs, it’s not bending if you need them.”

"It’s funny you feel so strongly about it when humans do it to each other too.”

Venom dripped off of his tongue and I could feel the agitation from the conversation.

"You should remember that monsters are allowed in human society, but only as long as we pertain to society's rules and structures. They’ll give accommodations when it’s easy and available, but if it goes against what humans feel is normal then they consider it a disruption to society.”

"We’re expected to fit in.”

"I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to be ignorant.”

Lucas looked surprised again at my response.

"I just thought that it was unfair. But simply saying that won’t change anything, will it? I’m sorry I made a fuss about it.”

Lucas cast his eyes to the ground and sighed.

"I know you didn’t mean any harm. It’s alright.”

"I’m sorry for snapping like that.”

"Are you going to be okay waiting here by yourself like this?”

Lucas looked at me quietly for a long time as if he didn’t really know what to say.

"I do it five days a week anyways. I’m fine.”

I nodded and stood there for a moment with a guilty look before I waved and left.

Why did I get so adamant about it? It must have been frustrating to hear things he already knew and felt. Especially considering it’s not like I can relate. It must have felt bothersome for someone that didn’t know what they were talking about to try and be heroic.

I just… kept thinking. Lucas can’t go home like I can without getting really hurt or even dying. He has to wait hours and hours just to go home. Just to be able to leave a building.

He couldn’t participate in classes outside. He had to stay far away from any open windows. Just to keep himself safe.

Having to walk around everyone else's expectations like that must be incredibly difficult and frustrating for him when there’s clearly a different answer that could solve most of it.

It made me think. What other things had I not realized that were unfair to others?
    
>Ignore Lucas

He was probably waiting on Wit or something, there’s no need to bother him. Lucas didn’t seem like the type of person who’d like being approached randomly.

—

I was about halfway home when I got a call on my phone which happened to be from mom who wanted me to pick up some parmesan for dinner. The store was just a block away from our neighborhood and I hadn’t passed the street yet so it wasn’t a big deal.

It was my first time walking through town and I immediately noticed how almost everyone besides myself was a monster. This town was a primarily monster based settlement but it was still a bit strange to see.

I entered the nearest store and after a bit of hunting found the parmesan I was looking for. I collected it and made my way to the cashier who happened to be a cyclops. I avoided their… eye and put the parmesan on the counter, unsure how to exactly approach them.

I noticed with my averted eyes a box of pencils in a cart of "discounted items” near the counter. I suddenly remembered the debacle between Wit and Lucas about the eaten pencils. It seemed like Wit didn’t have their own pencils.

>Buy Wit pencils

It was only 99c and I’m sure Wit would appreciate the thought, as well as Lucas. I went over and grabbed the box, putting it next to my parmesan. The cyclops scanned the items and gave me the price.

>Don’t buy Wit pencils

If Wit needs them I’m sure they’ll get some for themselves.

After the transaction I left the store and returned home. My parents questioned me during dinner but I was too tired to answer in detail about my day. 

The next morning my mother rushed me out the door as she usually does.

When I got to school I immediately noticed the stares continued onward from yesterday. I guess it’d take more than a single day for everyone to get used to me. But it didn’t make me feel less awkward, I felt so alienated. It made me kind of angry at this point.

I quickly made my way to class through the crowded halls. Once I made it to the door I could hear Medi’s giggling and Wit’s loud howling. I had kept to my own thoughts for the most part yesterday but it really was loud during the time the teacher wasn’t in class, it was the same way at my other school too.

I walked in and Medi and Wit immediately waved upon my entry. I waved back with a small smile.

>If you bought Wit pencils

I sat down in my seat and opened my backpack, I reached in to get my math notebook and felt a plastic package. Oh, right.

I took out the box of pencils and walked over to Wit’s seat.

"Hey Wit, I was at the store and saw this on discount and thought of you.”

"This way you can stop borrowing Lucas’ pencils for now.”

Wit looked at the box and immediately grinned.

"Wow!! For me?! Thanks!!”

"I already went through all my pencils this school year so this is great!”

"Why didn’t you just get more instead of borrowing Lucas’ then?”

"Heh, well it’s not like I can just go to the store anytime I want.”

"Why not?”

"Well… because I live in a group home.”

I paused but Wit didn’t seem bothered.

"We have some strict rules about being allowed out and I already spent my 15$ this month.”

"I see. I didn’t know.”

"Thanks [Name]! This makes me really happy! Nobody’s ever gotten me anything before!”

"It’s not like it’s much of a gift.”

"But you thought of me when you saw these right?”

"Well… I just remembered the argument with Lucas.”

"But you still thought about me.”

Wit’s face flushed a bit and I suddenly felt a little embarrassed at the way I had phrased it. Lucas made a loud sigh nearby and I quickly returned to my seat, Wit clawed into the box loudly behind me.

>>

I pulled out my notebook and started mulling over yesterday's notes. Thankfully geometry was something I had already covered so I was confident I’d be fine for the test, but I wanted to make sure I remembered all the formulas since there were so many.

Suddenly a hand with stitches on the wrist was placed on my desk and I looked up to see Matilda.

"I see you’re studying hard but I really need your attention.”

Matilda smiled and clutched a paper in her other hand.

"I was hoping we could decide your club before class started, this would give the club leader ample time to prepare for an extra student.”

"Oh…”

That’s right. I still had no idea though. But I did think that joining ones that would obviously be more popular like the drama and art club wouldn’t be a good idea. I’d rather join a smaller club so there were less people I had to deal with, that also probably meant there’d be less activities.

"What’s the club with the least amount of members?”

Matilda glanced at me curiously for a moment and then looked at her paper.

"That would be… the gardening club, the debate team and the student council. All have only three members each, which is the minimum requirement for a club.”

The garden club sounded peaceful but I don’t think I was much of a green thumb. I might be able to learn something interesting from the debate team similar to public speaking, plus it kind of sounded fun.

The student council… it was an intimidating one for sure but I’d bet I’d get some extra perks with it. My last school allowed the student council to use the coffee pot from the teachers lounge and they were able to use the bathroom mid class without asking.

Out of those three…

>Join the gardening club

"I guess I’ll join the gardening club then.”

"I thought that’s what you’d choose. It sort of seems like your style.”

Matilda took a pencil and circled on her paper, folded it up and held it between her hands.

"The gardening club is held at class 3C on the second floor after classes end. If you have any questions regarding the club or how to get there please let me know.”

>Join the debate team

"I guess I’ll join the debate club then.”

"Alright, I’m sure they’d love to have another member.”

Matilda took a pencil and circled on her paper, folded it up and held it between her hands.

"The debate team is held at class 3A on the second floor after classes end. If you have any questions regarding the club or how to get there please let me know.”

>Join the student council

"I guess I’ll join the student council then.”

Matilda looked at me and slowly folded the piece of paper in her hand.

"Unlike a normal club which you can usually just join, the student council has certain requirements for joining.”

"The head of the student council would need to meet you and ask you a few questions first to make sure you’re fit for it.”

I thought for a moment she was going to say I couldn’t join.

"The student council meets in classroom 4B on the third floor. The head of the council will meet with you there after school to discuss the matter further with you.”

"On the chance that you aren’t fit for the role, please have a second club in mind.”

Matilda smiled and returned to her own desk. Maybe I spoke out of turn requesting to join the student council like that.

Some note-taking and equations on the board later lunch time had quickly arrived. I was a little less awkward through the line at the cafeteria than I was yesterday. Today I snatched a couple of sausages and biscuits and directed myself out to the courtyard.

I chose a picnic table off to the side to eat and browsed Reppit on my phone, munching through the thirty minute meal mindlessly. The schoolwork wasn’t much different or difficult so far, yet the school had exceeded my expectations in other ways.

At first I had worried about being mauled or some other ludicrous thought. But the students were surprisingly normal besides the few physical differences. It didn’t seem like there’d be much trouble getting along with most of them like I had initially thought.

That wasn’t to say there weren’t any problems. Almost every minute of the day other students were staring at me as if I didn’t belong. I understood I stood out next to everyone else but it made me feel embarrassed and uncomfortable.

Along with that some of the eyes were filled with disgust. Hatred, anger… It was to be expected some of the monsters didn’t take well to a human given the violent history between the two, but the way some of them were so outward about it by whispering to each other when I walked by was upsetting. All I could do was ignore it and look to the ground.

Perhaps it wouldn’t be necessary to isolate myself and just push through the school year, with students like Wit and Medi who were quick to approach and friendly. I doubt it’d be difficult to make friends. But at the same time I felt like I’d probably never fit in even as the next three year passed by. Knowing that made me feel undoubtedly hopeless and drained.

I put my phone down and sighed. I couldn’t even confide in anyone but these feelings. I doubt there’d be anyone my age that could understand the oppressive isolation I felt right now. My parents would just tell me I was exaggerating or wasn’t even trying to fit in.

Ah… Eating lunch alone wasn’t a good idea. I… want to go home. I don’t belong here.

Classes went unusually fast today. Even P.E. which was especially long yesterday flew by fast. The wolves competed with each other once again so I guess that’s a daily routine for this class. I made short chats with Medi and Wit throughout the day but for the most part everything felt like it was on fast forward, almost like the day was rushing to get to a certain point.

I gathered my belongings in class and watched as the students in class hustled out the door, hurrying to their respective clubs.

>If joined the gardening club

I remember Matilda saying it was in classroom 3C on the second floor. I made my own way out once the crowd thinned a little. 

It was easy to find since the classrooms were labeled number to letter. I opened the door and was immediately greeted by the sight of potted plants that filled the room. It lined the walls, there were desks that held multiple pots and even some hanging baskets.

At the front on the teachers desk there was an assortment of soil, fertilizers and gardening tools. Shovels, buckets, gloves of different sizes… It was sloppily laid in no particular order but the class seemed well prepared.

In the back I noticed two familiar figures but my attention was immediately taken by someone approaching me. It was a student I was sure was a grade above me and seemed to be an orc. They had green skin, pointed ears and a bulldog-like overbite.

I stepped back a bit in uncertainty and then stood up straight and waved with a nervous smile.

"You must be the new member! I’m Yuvia. No need to worry about any prep or nothing, you can dive right in. If you ain’t used to gardening or how to tend to the plants feel free to ask, and if there’s a plant you wanna grow just give me a holler and I’ll get the seeds out.”

"Oh, but you do need to make your own pot to be completely initiated. It just means you can’t do any activities until you get that done. It’s our way of bonding with the plants here, make sure to make a womb full of love yeah?”

I was completely unsure what exactly they were talking about with the way they spoke. They had turned to the teachers desk and grabbed a basic clay pot out from under it. They gruffly passed it into my hands, shoving the base of the pot roughly into my chest.

"A womb?”

"That’s where a seed grows, yeah? Plants are alive too. Basically the same thing. It makes it more personal, see?”

The orc walked over and placed their hand on a pot that was decorated in green and yellow colors, though I couldn’t quite make out what the shapes were supposed to be. In the pot were some bluebells that looked quite well taken care of.

"This is my baby, and we’re closer since I put so much care into their womb, right? So you too. Make it look nice and don’t slack on it. They can tell when you don’t care. Say, do you have a passion for plants?”

"I’ve… I’ve never raised anything besides a succulent. I don’t know about passion but I guess I have an interest.”

I thought the orc would be displeased but they smiled and ran over to a shelf where they took out some paint palette and brushes.

"We all start somewhere and somewhere starts with interest. You’ll do fine. Make your womb and make it nice.”

They scooped up three different palettes and dropped them all on a desk nearby. The materials scattered on the desk and the orc used their hands to prevent the brushes from rolling off.

"I’ll go get water for the brushes. You think of designs. We won’t rush, don't worry. Just make it look nice.” 

As they spoke with excitement they ran to another shelf, took a plastic cup and hurried past me outside. I found myself awkwardly standing there grasping the clay pot in my hands not sure exactly what to do next.

My gaze wandered to the back of the room where I had noticed the two familiar figures earlier. A blue aura in the shape of a child and a small, bandage wrapped boy that was huddled in the far corner. Neither had approached me and seemed pretty focused on their own objectives.

>Approach Medi

With the clay pot in hand I walked over to the childish soul who excitedly greeted my approach.

"Come see Medi’s design! I worked really hard on it! This is my womb, this is my baby!”

Medi happily trilled and threw her hands out to display a potted succulent on a desk. The clay pot had a bunch of messily, blob-shaped hearts colored in pinks and blues. 

"I like it, Medi. It’s the same blue as you.”

"Yeah, yeah. Hearts are the closest shape to love, so that’s why I chose hearts!"

She excitedly pointed to the hearts on the pot. I smiled at her enthusiasm.

"That makes sense. So you like succulent Medi?”

"They’re nice. My favorite are tulips but Yuvia said it’s better to take care of a plant I can handle.”

Oh… Medi can’t touch anything in the physical world so she wouldn’t be able to water, trim or do any of the other chores that come with more needy flowers. Succulents are notorious for their lack of necessary care so it makes sense why she ended up doing that. But it was kind of sad she didn’t get to plant her favorite flower just because of that.

"They could have just helped you.”

"Well, Yuvia and Lane have their own to take care of. They do help me water Jules and they helped me with the potting too. Plus Yuvia says in order to bond with the plant you gotta take care of its needs yourself, so then it wouldn’t be mine anymore.”

"But I do the most important job and talk to it and give it company. Because of that it’s able to have happy feelings and not feel so lonely. So even if Lane waters it every now and then, it knows me the best!”

"I didn’t know plants cared that much about company.”

I said this with a chuckle and Medi nodded excitedly.

"Plants feel better and grow better when they have good company and good feelings. That’s the truth! So I always make sure to say nice things to Jules. You should too.”

"Nice things?”

"Yeah. I always tell Jules how pretty they are. I always praise them for listening to me. Plants are the best listeners!”

"They’re not the best talkers though.”

"But that’s okay because I can handle all the talking!”

I laughed and nodded in agreement. Medi herself could clearly hold an entire conversation by herself for ages. Being around her was always a positive experience, she just had a sort of presence that made you laugh and feel good. Maybe that’s why her plant likes her so much.

>Approach Lane

I made my way past the desks to the corner where Lane was huddled up. He turned his head upon hearing my footsteps and quickly looked back to the plant in front of him. In front of him was a dainty, beautiful white orchid.

"I heard orchids are really hard to take care of. You must take really good care of it, it looks beautiful.”

Lane nodded in response and I grasped at straws to hold a conversation.

"Can I see your design so I can get an idea for myself?”

"Yeah…”

I sat down nearby but still a few feet away to ensure his comfort. The pot had green strokes that came up from the bottom, its stroke obviously representing that of grass. The strokes were a bit thin and had a dark outline, it was obvious he put a lot of time into the detail and didn’t just throw some green marks on it.

"It looks natural. I like it.”

"It was all I could think of. I’m not very creative.”

"Well, I think it was a good idea.”

Lane nodded again and I could feel the straws slipping.

"Did you choose a hard flower on purpose or do you like orchids?”

Lane was quiet for a moment as he thought about his answer.

"I like both.”

"The orchid… is pretty, but it’s also fragile.”

"It needs a lot of care. It needs a gentle parent.”

"It looks like it could break at just a touch.”

"I want… to protect it, and help it grow.”

"And that’s why you like it?”

"It’s…”

He paused for a moment.

"It’s tall.”

It was my turn to pause since I wasn’t sure how to reply to that answer. I didn’t quite get what he was trying to say he liked about the flower and I wasn’t sure how to ask further. I couldn’t tell if he was maybe misunderstanding the question or if I had misunderstood his answer.

At that moment the door opened and the orc came in with a cup of water. They sighted me immediately and waved at me to come over. Grasping the pot in my hand I returned to the front of the classroom.

"We use water color. Here is water for the color. Make a nice womb and then we talk about seeds, okay?”

Yuvia happily put the cup of water on the desk with the utensils and marched off. I carefully placed the pot on the desk nearby since the desk with the utensils was too full.

It’d be great except I didn’t really have an idea. They obviously wanted me to think hard and put effort into it so it’s not like I could color the whole thing blue and call it a day. But I wasn’t sure what kind of design would be personal enough to call it mine. I could do a basic, cute pattern. Or I could actually try to draw some scenery or shapes onto it?

I didn’t think I’d spend the entire hour of the club just thinking of a design to put on a clay pot but here we are. Thankfully Yuvia somehow seemed pleased that I hadn’t started anything, I guess she took it as a sign that I was thinking really hard about it. It’s just that I don’t have any creativity in me and I didn’t want to disappoint! Ah, this is a gardening club not an art club.

The pot was left in the classroom and with my backpack slung over my shoulder I walked down the busy halls towards the entrance of the school with everyone else. I’m sure I could come up with a design overnight. 

>If joined the debate club

I remember Matilda saying it was in classroom 3C on the second floor. I made my own way out once the crowd thinned a little. 

It was easy to find since the classrooms were labeled number to letter. Upon approaching the door I immediately heard loud, angry voices that sounded somewhat familiar.

I uneasily opened the door and was greeted with what seemed to be an argument between two familiar people. 

Wit stood at one side of the room while Lucas stood at the opposite. At the back of the class in between the two sat a cyclops. The three of them hadn’t noticed my entrance.

"Eggs at the store aren’t fertilized you idiot, it’s not considered meat.”

"Invalid argument. Fertilized or not, you are eating the embryo of a baby chicken, and thus eggs are not vegetarian.”

Lucas slammed his fist onto the desk loudly and clenched his teeth.

"You cannot be serious. An egg is not an embryo if it isn't fertilized. They don’t fertilize eggs you buy at the store. Eggs are not considered meat.”

Wit shook their head in response and continued.

"No! I already said that’s an invalid argument.”

They closed their eyes and slammed their hand on the desk to gain attention.

"An egg hatches into a chick so therefore you’re eating the meat of a chick when you eat an egg. Thus, vegetarian.”

Wit threw both hands up, shrugged and shook their head again, as if to make a point.

"I can’t help that you can’t see the facts.”

"You’re going to make me cry and I can’t even shed tears, you absolute dumbass.”

Lucas held the side of the desk with his other arm as if to restrain himself, he looked like he was about to absolutely go insane.

At that point the cyclops had noticed me. They slammed their large hands on the desk and then pointed to me.

"The new club member is here!”

Wit and Lucas turned to me but were too involved in their argument to give a proper reaction. Meanwhile the cyclops waved me over. I walked towards them suddenly regretting the choice I made.

"This is great, we needed a third opinion. We’re discussing if an egg is considered vegetarian.”

"Isn’t the debate team supposed to handle controversial topics?”

"My point exactly.”

"And this is a highly controversial take.”

"No it’s not!”

Lucas flared up again at Wit’s comment.

"Eggs are not considered meat.”

Wit was quick to point their finger accusingly at Lucas.

"Objection! What exactly does an egg hatch into? A chicken! A chicken is meat!”

"An egg at the store doesn’t hatch into a chicken you stupid canine this isn’t even an opinion that’s up for debate!!”

"Alright, so whenever you’re ready to interject just jump right in.”

How exactly did this cyclops expect me to interject between these two?! It looked like there was going to be a physical fight at any moment, and what was I supposed to say to a topic like this?!

"It’s funny you keep bringing up eggs at the store as a point to your argument. What matters here is the knowledge that an egg hatches into a chicken, you’re missing the key point here.”

"Eggs you buy don’t hatch into chickens!”

"But eggs do hatch into chickens in general, you’ve already agreed with this.”

"I literally cannot with you.”

Well, I guess the best way to interject myself here is to pick a side…

>Agree with Wit

"Wit’s right, eggs do hatch into chickens.”

"Ha!”

Lucas turned his gaze to me and I could see the immediate disappointment.

"You can’t be serious.”

"Well I mean…”

"Don’t worry about him, he’s just a sore loser.”

"Eggs. Are. Not. Meat.”

Lucas pounded his fist against the desk between each word.

"You can’t argue against two people, eggs are meat.”

"This isn’t up for debate.”

"Well we’re talking about it in the debate team so obviously it is.”

"If an egg hatches into a chick… it makes sense it’d be considered meat…”

I knew I was wrong but isn’t the entire idea of the debate team to argue our case?

Lucas slapped his hand into his face and mumbled something under his breath.

"It looks like Lucas can’t argue his case any further. Good job guys.”

Wit cheerfully crossed both arms and celebrated with a large smile. Across the room Lucas sat in his chair with his face in his palms. Poor thing. He had completely lost his will after his argument with Wit.

"[Name] knows what’s up. You should make sure to agree with me in the future too, I always make a very compelling case.”

"Yeah…”

Seeing the shape they left Lucas in I’m not sure if a compelling case was quite what I’d call it. But despite the arguing I could feel a sense of comedy between the two. They had gotten pretty aggressive in tone and expressions but I could tell they were just bantering the entire time, even if Lucas really was getting frustrated.

"Do you often debate weird topics like that?”

"At the beginning of every debate we all put a topic in a box and pull randomly.”

"And that dimwit always had the most stupid topics.”

"Says the one who lost the debate.”

"Losing the debate doesn’t mean you’re right!”

I found myself laughing at the two. Their synergy was just too funny.

"It’ll be fun having someone else on the team. It’s always just me and Lucas arguing so it’d be nice to get a fresh view on things.”

Somehow I felt I could understand why it was just the three of them if they were constantly having debates on such whacky topics. But it seemed like they were enjoying themselves so I figured I’d take it a little less seriously too.

>Agree with Lucas

"Uh, actually… an egg does not simply hatch into a chick just like that.”

"When an egg is laid it’s just an egg. In order for it to become a chick it has to have been laid with a rooster. Since hens can lay without roosters that means a hen laying without a rooster can never hatch into chicks.”

"After that, they need to be incubated for twenty-one days in a very specific process before it develops into a chick. Even if a hen lays with a rooster, unless it is incubated it will never hatch into a chick.”

"The yolk inside the egg itself is not a chick. This is… a common myth. When an egg is incubated it is considered fertilized. That’s what Lucas means when he says eggs you buy at the store aren’t fertilized.”

"You can buy fertilized eggs, and I’m not completely sure on the specifics on that. But in general, eggs are not considered meat because it’s not an unborn chick by itself.”

Lucas stood up fast and slammed both hands on the desk in front of him.

"Thank you!”

Wit blinked a couple times before looking at Lucas and then the cyclops. Their ears drooped a bit and they frowned at their defeat.

"That was a really good response [Name]!”

"I’ve never seen Wit give up just like that. You sure have a way with words.”

I looked over at Lucas who had returned to his usual expression. Though it seemed he was a bit pleased, if worn out, with the outcome. I felt a bit bad for Wit but I couldn’t really find myself siding with the person who didn’t have their facts straight. It wasn’t really anything against them.

"It’s a bit strange to be arguing over a topic like that, since it’s already been addressed with facts.”

"We don’t get to just pick what we argue about. We all write down a topic and then pull randomly from a box. That idiot over there always writes down topics like that.”

Wit bared their teeth and growled but didn’t respond to Lucas’ insult. Even though it was a bit mean I had the feeling Lucas meant it in a strangely, friendly way.

"It’s no wonder we’re the only ones in this club when we’re always arguing over pointless topics like that.”

"Yeah, but… I think there’s a type of fun to that kind of topic.”

"Topics like that appear every day in real life too. So it’s good practice on how to handle those sorts of conversations right?”

Lucas looked at me in surprise for a moment and then returned his usual expression. Wit had retreated to the corner where the club leader had taken to consoling their defeat.

"I guess you can look forward to it then.”

"Just make sure to side with the person who has the right facts, or else I’ll call you an idiot too. I might actually rip my teeth out then.”

I laughed at Lucas’ response. He smiled and quickly turned away. Yeah, I guess I’d have to make sure too then.

>If join the student council

I remember Matilda saying it was in classroom 4B on the third floor. I made my own way out once the crowd thinned a little. 

It was easy to find since the classrooms were labeled number to letter. I approached the door and opened it, when I peered inside I saw a rather large table in the middle of the classroom instead of the usual student desks. There were two people sitting down, a werewolf and Matilda. There was a third person who seemed to be another werewolf who was standing speaking with the two, who looked rather agitated.

Matilda turned to me and motioned me in. I quickly recovered from my surprise and shut the door behind me, following her motion inside. When I approached them, I heard the agitated wolf talking about being disrespected.

"[Name], now was a good time to show up.”

Matilda gestured to the agitated wolf who glared at me.

"Nea was just telling us about an issue she had earlier today. As the student council it’s up for us to solve any of the students' troubles. I’d like to know how you would handle the situation.”

"Okay…”

"During P.E. today Nea ran twelve laps. After she had finished she took to the cooler to drink some water to quench her thirst. She quickly finished her water and was still thirsty. She got another water bottle and opened it only to have it snatched out of her hand my a classmate”

"Nea requested to have it back since she was still thirsty but the classmate refused, the classmate said that there’s one water bottle per student and she had already had hers. Nea says the classmate had only run two laps and didn’t need the water as much as she did, so her refusal to give up the water was disrespectful, especially since she had it first.”

"She wants the student to apologize for being rude and the P.E. coach to prioritize water to the students who run more laps.”

"What are your thoughts on this?”

Was she seriously handing me an entire situation and asking me to handle it? I looked at the agitated wolf and rubbed my hands together nervously.

>They should supply more water

"Well, it was rude of her to snatch the water from your hands even given the one water per student rule. I think maybe an apology wouldn’t be too much to ask just to reinforce that snatching from others isn’t really okay, but more importantly I think this can all be avoided by providing extra water bottles for the students that feel they need extra water.”

The wolf girl seemed happy with my response and looked towards Matilda. Matilda looked at me for a moment and then nodded.

"I’ll tell the coach to supply more water bottles for those who need it. We shouldn’t be letting students go thirsty.”

"I’ll talk to your classmate about how she snatched the bottle from your hands. But I can’t force someone to apologize.”

The wolf girl happily accepted the decision and left promptly. Matilda turned towards the table and took a stuffed teddy bear in her hands. She took a sewing needle in one hand and started sewing a missing eye onto the bear.

"I guess it’s one way to keep the peace.”

Somehow I felt Matilda wasn’t exactly pleased with my way of handling the situation. She quietly sewed the eye onto the teddy bear and then fumbled with it for a moment.

"If you didn’t like my answer you didn’t have to go along with it.”

"It’s fine. It wasn’t a horrible decision, and if I had changed it to anything else she probably would’ve made a big deal out of it.”

"As the student council we have to deal with a lot of different situations with students. Some of them are petty and sort of pointless, most are actually. But it’s still our job to make everyone feel happy and respected with the end result, as much as we can anyways.”

"[Name]. Why did you want to join the student council?”

"I… Well, I like to help people. You just said it was the council's job to solve all sorts of students' problems right?”

"Yes, I did.”

There was a bit of silence. Matilda fumbled with the bear for a moment during the silence. It was the wolf girl sitting nearby that broke it.

"We do need an extra hand since Evan is out due to his injury. She didn’t handle it horribly and if we don’t like how she settles things we can always give her advice.”

Matilda let out a sigh and didn’t answer for… several minutes. I stood there patiently and awkwardly.

"Alright, as long as you're prepared. We also help the teachers with small tasks like handing out assignments in class, moving supplies from office to office, communicating between teachers… There’s more to it than just handling petty arguments between students.”

"If you’re willing to work with all that, then you can join. It’s like Nettie says, we do need an extra hand.”

"Alright, thank you. I’ll do my best to not disappoint you.”

Matilda simply nodded and I took a seat at the table. It was silent for the rest of the time in the club as Matilda played with her doll and Nettie wrote on some papers. As I wasn’t given any chores or duties I simply played around on my phone and doodled on a piece of paper. I hope we’d have a lot more to do than just sitting like this all the time.

>It’s a fair rule and you broke it

"It’s a fair rule and you broke it. I don’t think an apology is necessary, at most a small talk to remind the classmate that snatching like that isn’t really acceptable behavior.”

"Having one water per student keeps it fair for everyone. Nobody is entitled to more water than anyone else, and expecting the school to supply twice as much water is a bit much in my opinion.”

"There’s also free access to water fountains inside and outside the building all day long. So it’s not like you would’ve been without water for the rest of the day, and there’s a water fountain close to the field where P.E. is held.”

The wolf didn’t seem pleased as she looked at Matilda for the final confirmation.

"I think [Name] is right here. Yes, she shouldn’t have snatched it from you the way she did, but you also had already had your share of the water and was going to deny another student their own. Even if she ran less laps than you, that doesn’t mean she doesn’t need water to hydrate as well.”

"I think a valuable lesson can be learned here on both sides. I’ll talk to your classmate about the way she snatched the water from you, but I think in the future you should be more considerate of others and remember you have other options. There’s a water fountain nearby that can give you an endless amount of water for your drinking needs.”

"If you really need an extra water bottle you can always bring your own and let the coach know beforehand. Or you can bring a refillable cup with you that you can fill at the water fountain at any time. But allowing you to take others' fair share or demanding a larger supply of water from the coach who pays for the water out of his own pocket is unnecessary.”

The wolf girl simply nodded at the decision that was made and quickly left the room. She didn’t seem to be very happy. I turned to Matilda who had turned to the table and taken a small teddy bear into her hands. She took her hand and started sewing a missing eye onto the bear.

"You handled that very well, I’m impressed.”

"Some of the wording could’ve been phrased better, but for the most part I think it was a very well thought out, fair decision.”

"I’m glad. I was just thinking about what was fair.”

"Good.”

Matilda put the bear down after sewing the eye in and turned to me.

"We have to deal with student affairs like this all the time. Most of the time they’re simple to solve and quite petty, but the point is that we’re making sure everyone feels respected and listened to.”

"We help with other chores like moving materials between classrooms, handing out assignments for the teacher in class, and helping clubs set up for future activities. As long as you think you can handle all those duties I’d be happy to have you join the student council.”

"I’m pretty sure I can handle all that.”

"Alright, then.”

"Our other student council member Evan has an injury so will be out for some time. So it’s just the three of us for a short while.”

"For the most part, when we’re not handling student affairs we just sit here and do whatever passes the time.”

Matilda gestured to a seat nearby and I took it upon myself to sit there.

"It can get pretty boring sometimes but it makes up for the strenuous and more annoying tasks we have during the day. We’ll talk more about the details another time, but for the most part I think we’re good.”

Matilda finished and turned back to sewing up her unfinished teddy bear. The rest of the club time was silent between the three of us. I mostly played on my phone and doodled on a piece of paper as I waited for the time to pass. Matilda says this sort of time makes up for the frustrating duties of the student council, but I couldn’t help but hope there’d be a lot more to do than sit around like this like she insinuated.
