Day 1 
Wit's energy at the debate meeting yesterday had completely drained me. The moment I arrived home, I fell asleep from exhaustion. I wound up missing dinner and woke up with a ravenous hunger. Thankfully my mother was completely prepared and had made me a giant stack of waffles.

I had eaten probably three too many and felt the pain of an overly full stomach on my way to school. But somehow it hardly bothered me.

Initially when the school forced me to join a club, I was less than enthused about it. However, I actually ended up enjoying my time in the club yesterday. Perhaps it was Wit's energy or seeing Lucas completely losing faith in people, but it ended up being really fun in a strange way.

There was something about seeing the two of them argue so dramatically that was really funny and left me in a good mood, even if fairly exhausted.

By the third day  it was easy to traverse the halls and find my class. There were still a few halls that were unfamiliar to me, but for the most part I had my routine down pat. Of course it was easier to avoid the more aggressive students by waiting until the halls had thinned between breaks, but it was hardly different from my other school.

When I came in, Medi immediately waved from her seat, and I returned the greeting. I was actually pretty happy that some of my classmates ended up being so friendly. I felt guilty that I found their friendliness annoying on my first day.

"Hey, hey. How am I supposed to remember all these!"

Wit howled from their seat and roughly erased some notes.

"Area of a triangle, volume of a rectangle, perimeter of a square... There's a different formula for each one. I always get them mixed up. Why does radius matter if it's half of a diameter in a circle? Just use the diameter as base so I don't have to do the extra math!"

It looks like I wasn't the only one who struggled with math, though I tended to find geometry pretty easy. The formulas were pretty straightforward and easy to work out, but I can see why it'd be difficult for people who couldn't remember them all.

"Me too, me too!"

Medi chimed in and flailed her arms out dramatically.

"I keep getting the perimeter and area mixed up! Length times width and length plus length plus width plus width... aren't they the same thing?!"

No, Medi, they are not the same thing.

"Yeah, right? Adding a number two times is just the same as multiplying them, so why are the formulas different?"

I think I understand why they struggle with some of the math now.

[After Class, Lunch Time - Scene Change]

"I don't understand the metaphor we're supposed to see in this short story. Why is it written like this? I can't even understand what it's saying."

"It was written in 1985 so of course it's hard to read."

"Modern writing is drastically different than pieces like this."

Wit was frustrated about the story we had to read and analyze in English today. The majority of the students had already made their way out the door to the cafeteria while Lucas and Wit engaged in conversation about the class.

"I've never seen anyone use so many semicolons."

"That's because in modern day anyone who uses semicolons is an asshole."

I laughed out loud at Lucas' comment. They both looked at me and Wit smiled.

"It's kind of true though. A lot of it went over my head too. I think it was about someone's fear and insanity, but with all the weird punctuation it was a bit difficult to take in."

"They probably won't accept that as an answer though... The question asked what I took from the story."

"Which was absolutely nothing."

Wit and Lucas made their way to the door and I followed.

"Well it's English 3. I don't think understanding messages and metaphors of old, poorly-written literature is an important skill to learn in life. As long as you pass it'll be fine."

"Next semester we're taking careers and biology."

"Careers will probably be fun."

Somehow in the conversation, I ended up walking side by side with Wit and Lucas towards the cafeteria.

"They'll probably have us do a lot of research on our chosen career."

"I don't even know what I want to do."

"I'm gonna become a firefighter!"

Wit exclaimed proudly with a wide grin.

"The fire department would never accept a monster, idiot."

"I know. That's why I'm probably gonna become a construction worker instead."

"Why a construction worker?"

I was surprised at how Wit didn't even argue with Lucas.

"It'll probably be the easiest thing to get into as a werewolf."

"Huh?"

"Construction has a high demand for werewolves since they're usually strong and have high energy."

"I didn't realize."

"Well, they're really well known as labor mutts."

I was appalled at Lucas' insensitive answer and quickly looked at Wit's expression. However it remained unchanged, perhaps because they were used to Lucas' attitude.

"How can you say something like that?"

Lucas glanced over at me but didn't answer. I felt anger rise from my throat but contained myself. There was no point in inciting an argument with him.

The conversation changed to mundane things like the weather and what they planned to eat today. I didn't partake and just looked around the lunch room, thinking about what Lucas said. Labor mutts... It felt like another word for labor slaves, it left a bad taste in my mouth. I thought I was used to Lucas' way of talking but he really could be an insensitive jerk.

Wit grabbed the usual sausages while Lucas got his juicebox of blood. I still wasn't used to the large selection of food. Today I decided to get a couple of beef sausages, some boiled broccoli, and mashed potatoes. I looked around the cafeteria and pinpointed Wit and Lucas, then approached them.

"Hey Wit, why a firefighter?"

Wit swallowed their mouthful and licked their lips.

"Firefighters are supposed to help people in trouble. They do more than just put out fires. They help rescue people in dangerous situations."

"I would like to help people. That's all."

Yeah, that was just like Wit.

"I think that's admirable."

"Admiration won't get them in, though."

"Do you have to be so negative? Who's to say they can't be a firefighter?"

Agitation rose in my voice at Lucas' pessimism.

"Because it's not allowed."

This time Wit answered. I looked at them in surprise as they answered in a way I would expect from Lucas.

"Why not?"

"Because... it's the law. Monsters can't have jobs like that. Police, firefighter, doctor."

"Humans outnumber monsters by a seven to three ratio. Humans just wouldn't be comfortable being saved or treated by monsters."

"The only reason the teachers here are able to teach is because this is a monster-only school. They won't hire monsters as teachers in your average public school. Nobody would feel comfortable with them as teachers."

"Monsters have been accepted in society for two hundred years..."

I said this mostly to myself rather than to refute to what they said. Two hundred years and yet they weren't able to have government jobs?

"Monster history started with hunts."

I looked up at Lucas playing with the tip of their straw.

"The earliest account of capturing monsters and turning them into slaves was back in the 1600's."

"In the 1900's the constitional amendment added monsters to equal protection under the law. A list of monsters, not all."

"For example, vampires have only been protected for fifty years."

"I don't know how far you expected equality rights to come in two hundred years, but we're not even past segregation."

I clenched my fists but said nothing. I wanted to argue, I didn't want to believe it. But I had no right. I wasn't a monster so I couldn't speak for them. I had seen monsters around before and had assumed they had been accepted into society just from the fact they could walk in the same streets as humans, which was unheard of two hundred years ago.

"Next time you're outside, take a better look around."

"At what?"

Neither of them replied and they simply continued with their meal. I felt my heart sink to my stomach. This wasn't the type of conversation I meant to have, and I was the one who started it. It was frustrating to feel like I had to watch every word I said here, but at the same time I could only imagine their frustration at talking to someone who knew so little.

I didn't even know monsters couldn't take on government jobs. What did I know about monster equality? For centuries they were seen as beasts that must be hunted. In 1600's, slavery became common for some of the monsters. In the 1900's they received equal rights, and the law forbade the hunting of monsters.

At my old school, that's all we had gone over in class when we were talking about the history of monsters. I had assumed things were better because all the details had been glossed over. Glossed over... more like hidden.

I looked over at Wit, who ate their food happily. They had a horrible habit of making noises when they ate. Centuries ago, they would've hunted down with canines and guns. Yet, here they sat in front of me just like any person.

But it wasn't enough, was it?

It wasn't enough to simply be able to go to school just like me, to be able to walk down the same streets as me.

I suddenly felt sick to my stomach. I looked at my food and held my head, trying to hold back the nausea. Without a word I stood up and left the cafeteria, quickly making my way through the halls to the entrance of the school.

When I made it outside I breathed in the outside air and looked around at all the monsters that sat around the school yard, eating lunch, and having fun with their friends. It was no different from my old school.

I sat down on the steps in front of me and took a deep sigh.

They were just lucky to be born in the right century. I hadn't realized how short two hundred years ago was. I hadn't realized how little had been done in two hundred years.

I had bathed in the comfort of knowing my parents were huge activists for the equality of monsters, thinking it completely excused me of any ignorance I might have.

I rested my head on my knees. I felt ashamed. I felt ashamed that it was like this.

[After Classes - Club Time]

I had hardly eaten any lunch but I guess my large breakfast had held me over this long. After the tense conversation I had at lunch with Wit and Lucas, I had somewhat avoided everyone for the rest of the day. But now it was time for clubs, and I realized I didn't want to face them.

Wit, however, eased my worries as they came over and waved cheerfully.

"Ready to go to the club, partner?"

I smiled at their approach and nodded. Lucas waited at the door with his usual expression and the three of us made our way to the club room.

"I swear if you make us debate another stupid topic..."

Lucas grumbled to Wit who just grinned in return.

The club leader, Oscar, happily greeted us by opening his arms wide when we came in. We all settled in a seat and Oscar gave me a slip of paper to write my topic suggestion.

"Since it's your first time you don't have to write anything, but if you do, just give it to me."

I was honestly all out of energy for any kind of debate after lunch, so I was happy that Oscar gave me the option today. After about five minutes, Oscar, Lucas and Wit put their slips in a small box. Oscar shook it up dramatically and pulled out a slip.

"How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?"

"I fucking hate you Wit."

"Like, twenty."

"And where did you pull that number out of?!"

"I know I've seen woodchucks chuck wood before."

"Woodchucks aren't native here. Where have you seen a woodchuck before?"

"Over by the river a few towns away. They built a dam."

"Those were beavers, you dumbass."

"They're the same thing."

"WHAT?!"

I couldn't help but laugh at Lucas' reaction.

"They're from completely different families."

"That's not true, woodchucks and beavers are the same thing."

"Woodchucks and groundhogs are the same thing but beavers are a completely different animal."

"Nope, all three are the same animal. And they can chuck about twenty pieces of wood."

"Even if you saw woodchucks there's no way you could've found the exact amount of wood they could chuck just by watching them for a few minutes."

I thought yesterday's topic was ridiculous but I found myself completely exasperated by this one. I didn't even know what to say or where to interject.

"They chucked about ten pieces of wood and I multiplied it by two to count for their efficiency."

"What?"

Wit grinned triumphantly at their answer.

"So woodchucks can chuck about twenty pieces of wood."

"That's not how that works, you imbecile."

Lucas banged his hand on the table out of agitation, but Wit didn't back down.

"I've seen it for myself and can confirm."

"Wit, I am seriously going to rip my teeth out."

In the tense moment between the two I actually found myself curious. I knew the question was a rhyme but I wondered if there was a serious answer to the ridiculous question. I pulled my phone out and looked it up, surprised to find an actual answer.

"Actually, Goggle says a woodchuck can chuck about seven hundred pounds of wood on a good day."

Wit gave out an exasperated groan.

"Using the internet takes out the fun of debating."

"To be fair Wit, if we were doing this as an official team we'd actually look up references and resources online to support our facts."

"I still say that woodchucks can chuck about twenty pieces of wood."

"But that completely goes against the factual evidence I found. Why would you continue to argue?"

"Because I'm right."

Lucas slapped his face and I gave an exasperated chuckle at Wit's answer. The worst part was they were completely serious.

Lucas and Wit found other things to argue about for the next forty minutes. I was a bit argued out for today so just watched the two's dramatic encounter. They argued about whether fish had emotions or if a dog heard barking in its head when it thought to itself. It was amusing in its own way.

The club finally came to an end and I stretched in my seat. Lucas and Wit were mid-debate but Lucas took it upon himself to walk out of the room to end Wit's ridiculous argument. Wit took that as a victory and grinned at Lucas' defeat, then peered over at me.

"What do you think about today's topics?" 

"Well... most of them already had factual evidence that proved which side was technically correct."

"And what do you think of that?"

Wit looked at me curiously and I stopped in my tracks. What did I think about debating topics that already had been settled with facts? Well...

>"I think it's good to practice topics that already have facts to them"

Wit grinned at my response and let out a cheerful laugh.

"I think so too."

"The truth is, people argue all the time. Even when there's factual evidence available to them."

"If people think they're right, they're going to argue."

"So you don't think you're right?"

"No, I know the stuff I argue about has factual evidence and I'm arguing against those facts."

"But the debate team should prepare us for something in the future right?"

"Have you ever met anyone that's argued against the evidence, and instead of accepting the facts, they just doubled down on their answer?"

"Well, yeah. A lot of people are like that."

"Exactly."

"If every debate could be solved with facts I think the world would be a bit different. But people value their opinions over facts sometimes."

"I think the debate team should include debates against people like this to prepare for the future."

"Everyone's bound to run into someone that thinks they're right no matter what evidence is presented to them."

"So, I think the experience is important to know how to deal with these people in the future."

"But what's the point in arguing if they refuse to see that they're wrong?"

"What is the point, [Name]?"

I stared at Wit who made a small smirk to their question.

So that's the point Wit's trying to make in these debates.

"I see."

"But you know... I worry Lucas might really get done with your crap and pull out his teeth."

I tugged my lips into a playful smile and Wit laughed at my comment.

"If he does I'll have to give him mine."

>"It's a bit pointless but fun to debate topics with factual evidence." 

Wit looked at the ground and sort of frowned at my answer. They became quiet for a moment, as if trying to think of what to say.

"I agree -- it's pointless to a degree."

"Then why do you do it?"

Wit smiled at me but instead of responding they walked away. I got the feeling I must have disappointed them, but if they were looking for a specific answer they could have at least said so, or informed me why they felt I was wrong.

I too made my way out the door and jumped when I heard a scoff to the side of me when I entered the hall. 

"What did you say to upset Wit?"

"I didn't mean to upset them. You find it argue to over those topics too."

"I never said that. It's just annoying talking to a brick wall."

"But that's just how Wit is. And that's why I go along with it."

"If I really felt it was pointless I wouldn't argue."

"I'm sorry I don't understand..."

"That's exactly it: you don't understand."

Unlike when he argued with Wit, I could feel actual hostility in his response. Apparently I had done something to really agitate him.

Before I could ask him to clarify, he walked away and I found myself frustrated at both of them. If I said something that bothered them they could at least communicate what and why. I kicked the air in frustration and made my way home.

Day 2

My parents had been busy with work lately so even when I was home with them there wasn't much talk beyond my day at school. I told them I was fitting in pretty well given the circumstances, which seemed to make them happy, and it wasn't necessarily untrue.

Medi greeted me upon my entry to the classroom and I waved back. I sat in my seat and pulled out my notes. I already know geometry pretty well, but we had a test coming up this Friday so I wanted to review.

Classes went by relatively quickly. There was the usual chatter between breaks, Wit's loud voice overtaking everyone else's, Medi floating around the classroom making weird noises to keep herself entertained. Some of the students like Lane focused on their notes during the breaks but most of them played around with their friends for fifteen minutes.

The test for English wasn't particularly hard; it was just annoying to make sense of the short story we read when it was written in such an old fashion. Thankfully, most of the questions seemed to be more about opinion rather than factual, so as long as I gave a detailed, well thought out answer, I was unlikely to get a bad grade.

I sat with Wit and Lucas again for lunch and watched the two of them banter about random things. The synergy between the two was entertaining enough that I didn't even feel the need to join the conversation every time. It was obvious Wit kind of dragged Lucas around for the most part and Lucas just went along and reined Wit in when necessary. Sort of like when I had first met them.

"And then our character took her sword and plunged it into the beast and killed it!"

"How did it kill a beast made of water? It doesn't have skin or a heart, it can't take damage."

"See, when you play games you don't question unnecessary details like this."

"Why play a game if it doesn't make sense?"

"Because it's fun."

"[Name], do you play games?"

"Ahh, I've only played a couple random phone games if I'm being honest."

"Those can be fun too."

"Lucas doesn't have any sense of fun so he thinks it's weird to play games. I've tried to get him to play with me but he'd rather read books."

"I watch you play so you don't feel lonely and complain."

"You must hang out a lot."

"Well, we live together, so..."

>If you bought Wit pencils

"Oh, so you both live in the same group home?"

"Yeah. It's a group home for monsters. That's actually how we met -- we ended up being roommates."

I didn't realize Wit and Lucas went back that far. That explained why they were so close.

>If you didn't buy Wit pencils

"Do you have the same parents?"

"No, we both live in the same group home."

"Yeah, that's actually how we met. We ended up being roommates."

I didn't realize Wit and Lucas knew each other before school, let alone lived together. That explained why they were so close.

"That makes sense why you two are friends then."

"Did you think it was weird?"

"A little bit."

"Because it's a vampire and werewolf?"

"Ah..."

Did he do that on purpose?

"When vampires weren't able to hunt for humans, they'd hunt animals so they wouldn't starve. Because of that, they ended up competing for food with werewolves."

"But the stereotype that vampires and werewolves are lifelong, mortal enemies is something you humans made and is completely untrue and stupid."

"At most, I just mildly dislike Lucas because he smells bad and I have a strong nose."

"But that's not something to hate someone for."

I smiled weakly.

"I'm sorry."

"It's okay, we have stereotypes for you humans too."

"Oh? Like what?"

"Hmm..." 

Wit looked at me for a moment and I grinned.

"Like, how you're generally pretty weak in strength. And you're all so flimsy and die so easily."

"To be fair compared to some of us that actually feels true."

"Yeah, but it's still rude to say aloud."

I laughed along with Wit. They looked at me again and continued.

"That humans are greedy and do nothing but bring harm to everyone around them. Every single one of them."

I frowned and looked down uncomfortably. What they said stung.

"But... monsters can be like that too, you know."

"That's why stereotypes are harmful."

I looked up and Wit smiled as they always did. I let out a small breath and chuckled. How could they go and turn the conversation to make me feel better about myself when I was the one that had stereotyped them?

[After Lunch, Gym Class - Scene Change]

The coach started off with his usual intro, telling everyone how many laps to run. He generally asked me to run three, but the last three days I tried to at least make it four. I figured it was only fair if that's what he expected of most of the other students, and I didn't want it to look like I was getting special treatment for being human.

Not that special treatment was bad for the students who struggled like Lane.

Wit and the other wolves competed every day. I had gotten used to the way they quickly passed me multiple times in one lap. I always just watched as they passed me by. Sometimes one of them would look at me, but they were usually so involved in their competition that they just ran by without even noticing I was there.

Wit came by their third time and suddenly slowed to a quick jog, still staying ahead of me but staying at a pace where I could see and hear them.

"Speaking of stereotypes at lunch today, why don't you show me what you got?"

"Race me."

"There's no way I'd win against you."

"Yeah, but didn't you say you were on the track team? I overheard you talking to the coach."

"So that means you're really fast right?"

"That's not really what it means. I'm just a bit more used to running than others."

"Well then show me."

"I wanna see how fast a human can really go."

"You stereotyped me earlier today, so let me stereotype you. I bet humans can't complete three entire laps in a full run."

"Prove me wrong?"

I felt a pang of competition run through me. I wasn't mad that they stereotyped my speed or strength, as after all I couldn't really complain if they were getting back at me.

I could tell Wit was being completely playful anyways, even a bit competitive. Their challenge made me want to show off and prove them wrong. But, I hadn't been on the track team in a couple years and three laps staying at a full sprint would be incredibly difficult if I wasn't used to it.

"I won't make fun of you if you can't do it."

"I just wanna see."

Well, when they put it like that it made me feel like if I declined I was being a bit of a loser. It's not like I had anything to lose from such a challenge, and it was something trivial as well.

"Alright, I'll start at the next base then."

"Nice."

Wit grinned and sped off, quickly reaching the next base. They stopped and waited for me, watching me as I made my way there. I could tell they were aching to just sprint off again.

I finally made it over and Wit bent down in a sprint position.

"Ready?"

"Yeah."

I positioned my feet to where I could kick off the bag to pick up as much speed as possible.

"Go!"

Wit sprinted off and quickly made distance from me, even with the kick I used to pick up my speed. I tried not to laugh and kept to a full sprint. I didn't have to pass them, I just had to prove I could make it to three full laps at a full run.

Breathing was a lot more difficult running than jogging, and I quickly found myself having trouble keeping a steady breath. Shortly after completing one lap, I started feeling cramps in my stomach and winced in pain.

Even on the track team, there were few times we were encouraged to actually push ourselves to run laps at full speed. It was mostly about having fun at your own pace rather than competing with each other on speed. So even though I had experience with a track team, it wasn't like I had often run laps like this. In fact, it was always relatively relaxed and slow paced.

But still, I wanted to show what I could do to Wit. I wanted to impress them. Even with the pain and my breath getting heavier I continued to push myself, refusing to let myself slow down. I clenched my teeth and focused my mind on just getting to the next base.

I managed to make it a full second lap and started on the third. My vision started to blur a bit and I could feel my entire body ready to collapse. Everything was sore and each base felt so far away. I felt if I couldn't stop and get a drink of water right now I might actually faint.

But... it was only one more lap...

>Push myself harder

I wasn't going to give up. It was only three more bases, one more lap. If I let myself stop now I'd regret not trying to make it to the end later.

I willpowered everything I could within me and continued to the next base.

My foot tapped the base and I turned to start to the next, but at that moment I felt my knees just completely give out. I hit the ground hard and my vision went black for a moment. I could hear footsteps, a lot of them, running towards me, and some voices yelling.

When I opened my eyes and my vision came back, though a bit blurred, and I saw a few faces peering over me. The coach had me lifted up, supporting my back with his large hand, and had his other hand grasped over my knee. I then noticed the red, warm liquid that oozed from between his fingers.

I winced as the pain finally hit me. When I collapsed, my right knee had taken a full impact to the ground and the skin must have busted open. I struggled to get my breath back to normal and took heavy breaths. 

It took several moments and I felt guilty knowing that the coach and classmates were all probably really worried. My vision finally came back to normal and I managed to catch my breath. After I had done so, though, the pain in my knee became a lot more prominent.

The coach handed me water now that I had caught my breath and I took large gulps, quickly draining the entire bottle. I felt an immense amount of relief wash over my body as the water went down my throat, and I nodded and waved my hand in hopes of easing the worried crowd.

"Do you think you can get up and go to the nurse, [Name]?"

I nodded and used both of my hands to prop myself up. The coach let his hand go from my back and looked at me worriedly. I focused on controlling my breathing to return it to normal, even though I had caught my breath I was still rapidly inhaling.

I finally managed to relax my breathing and fought back tears at the immense pain focused in my knee. I took my hands and pressed them over my knee, when I had done so the coach let his hands go and stood up. He offered me a hand with his blood-free hand and I took it, he hoisted me up easily and grabbed onto my shoulders to steady me as I faltered a bit.

"Can someone take her to the nurse? She busted her knee pretty bad so she'll need some support."

"I will!"

Wit immediately came forward with a worried expression.

"This is my fault. It's because I challenged her to a race. I'll take her to the nurse."

The coach gave a sigh to me and a mean look to Wit, who looked down in disappointment. The coach then motioned for Wit to come over to help support me. Wit came over and took my arm and propped it over their shoulder, taking their left hand to grab to my other side and their right to hold onto my hand over their shoulder.

Wit stood there for a moment and I nodded, taking the first step forward. Wit went along with me and we both slowly made our way back to the building. The entire time I could hear Wit apologizing over and over under their breath.

It took a while and I left a trail of blood, but Wit helped me reach the nurse's office in one piece. The nurse gasped when I came in with a bloody knee and immediately started gathering the necessary tools. Wit helped me sit down in a chair and stepped back a couple feet, prepared to come to my aid if I were to fall over or pass out.

The nurse cleaned the wound and put some infectant spray on it and wrapped it up. She gave me some water, which I drank in small sips, and also a granola bar that I munched on. It was the first time I had seen the nurse, and she appeared to be some sort of undead. She had grayed, bruised skin and smelled similar to Lane, but even so I could tell she must've been a gentle person in life by the way she cared for my wound.

Wit eventually had to return and go to the club, but the nurse allowed me to stay. She tried to call my parents but they didn't answer; they were probably at work.

After club ended, I had come back to most of my senses, and the pain had dulled a little thanks to the numbing spray the nurse had put on it. I stood up and tested my knee and found I could walk at least. It'd probably hurt like hell when the numbing spray wore off, but at least I wouldn't have to spend a while in a cast or on crutches.

I thanked the nurse and turned to leave, when the door opened and Wit stood there. They looked at me worried for a moment and then nearly burst into tears.

"I'm sorry! I shouldn't have challenged you, abd I shouldn't have egged you on either."

"I didn't know you'd push yourself until you collapsed. I didn't ask you to do that!"

"I'm sorry, you got hurt because of me... It's all my fault. I'm sorry, [Name]. I'm really, really sorry."

I could hear the guilt in their voice and it made me feel guilty in return for worrying them so much.

"It's not your fault, I'm the one that decided to push myself that far. I should've stopped when I started feeling so bad. Please, don't feel bad. It's not your fault, you didn't tell me to push myself like you said."

"Then why did you?! Is it because I said I stereotyped you?? Is it because I hurt your feelings??"

"I made you feel like you had to prove yourself... It's my fault for making you feel so bad about yourself."

"That's not true at all!"

"Then why did you do that? If it wasn't because I made you feel bad, then why did you push yourself that far?"

"I wanted to impress you."

Wit stopped and looked at me in surprise. They still looked worried and upset but for a moment I had completely silenced them.

"You're able to run for so long and so far. You ended up overhearing I was on the track team and I thought it made you expect that I could run like that."

"So, I wanted to impress you even if it meant I got hurt."

I looked away since I was kind of embarrassed.

"I didn't feel like I had to prove anything as a human, I just wanted you to think I was cool."

Wit looked at me, still surprised, for a moment. Then suddenly they started laughing. I felt my cheeks get hot in embarrassment and I pushed them out of the doorway in retaliation.

"No, wait! I'm sorry."

Wit grabbed the sleeve of my shirt before I could walk away. I turned to them with a scowl on my face.

"I wasn't laughing at you. I just..."

"I didn't expect you to say that."

"And it made me feel good."

"Nobody's ever tried to impress me before. I didn't think I was worthy of that, since I'm such a dimwit."

I laughed at the word they used since it contained their name. It was obvious they used it to get a laugh out of me.

"You weren't impressed though."

"You pushed yourself until you nearly lost consciousness."

"I'm upset that you got hurt, but I can't say I'm not impressed at your tenacity."

"It takes a lot to push your body so far that it shuts down on you."

"So, I was impressed."

"Shut up."

I jerked my arm away and punched them in the shoulder. But they had already let it go to their head as they grinned widely.

"I need to get home."

I said as an excuse to leave, I had already said some stupid embarrassing things and I didn't want to look at their stupid grin anymore.

"Was it worth the injury?"

They asked me as I had only gotten a few feet away.

I stopped and stood still for a moment, wondering if I should humor them or not. Then I turned around slowly so they could see my face, I smiled big and replied.

"No."

They grinned back and I turned and left in a hurry.

My parents were a bit upset when I got home with an injury, but I explained I simply pushed myself in gym class because I wanted to feel like I could keep up with the others. They called me an idiot and shoved dinner in my face. Before bed, my mom pet my head affectionately and told me to be more careful and not compare myself to others in the future. I leaned into her and nodded, then tucked myself in.

>Give up

I slowed myself down and turned towards the grass, where I laid down and sprawled out, trying to catch my breath and get my vision back. I heard footsteps and looked over to see what must have been Wit approaching me.

"Thought so."

"Thought what, you ass?"

I punched their legs as they came close enough and huffed in frustration.

"You knew I couldn't do it. You don't have to rub it in my face."

I turned away from them and curled myself up a bit. Their response genuinely frustrated me and I just wanted to yell at them. Considering everything I thought I had done pretty well, and they were the one with unrealistic expectations anyway.

"I'm sorry."

"I got too caught up in the challenge and competition that happens in gym class."

"I forgot you're not like my mates. I'm sorry I said that."

"Mates as in your wolf friends that you compete with every day."

"Yeah. We talk to each other like that all the time. I got caught up in it all and I was insensitive."

I let out a sigh. I could tell they were being genuine, and even though I was still frustrated, I turned back to them. I looked at their frown for a moment considering whether I should accept their apology so quickly.

"It's okay."

Wit looked at me for a moment to make sure it really was okay. I smiled, which Wit then returned. They walked away and brought me a water bottle. I took it graciously and just relaxed for the rest of the class, sipping on the water.

Eventually I ended up throwing up. I guess I pushed myself a bit too hard in that last sprint... I took the opportunity to discard my water bottle and excuse myself to the nurses office.

The nurse gave me some nausea medicine and let me relax with the lights off. I put a wet paper towel on my face and leaned back in the chair, and the nausea eventually wore off. But by that time, clubs were already over, so I just went straight home.

Day 3 

Thankfully, I had gone over my math notes once again before class started, so I felt pretty confident that I passed the geometry test with a good grade. Some of the other students obviously didn't feel the same way -- I could hear both Medi and Wit groaning about their low grades in the background.

I drowned out all the loud commotion by doodling on a piece of paper. It was louder today, probably because of the test. It gave the students a reason to complain. If I hadn't been confident I had passed I probably would be complaining right with them.

Suddenly a hand sat on my desk and I looked up to see Wit.

"Hey, we're friends, right?"

"They want something."

"Shut up, Lucas."

I laughed and nodded.

"I wanted to go to the mall the next town over but the group home won't let me unless I'm accompanied by a human. Would you like to go with me?"

"It doesn't have to be an adult?"

"Nah, as long as I'm not reported for being without a chaperone they don't care who it is. I just told them I was going to the mall with a friend today, so as long as they see me with you when we're done, they won't care."

"You told them you'd be going to the mall with a friend before you asked me?"

"Does that really matter?"

I shook my head in disbelief and laughed.

"I don't mind but I gotta let my parents know."

"Alright, we'll go right after the club then! Lucas heard you say yes so you can't back out later."

"Yeah, or I'll hold you deeply accountable."

Lucas' sarcasm made me smile and I once again shook my head at their shenanigans.

I ate lunch with Lucas and Wit again. We talked about various things and Wit reminded me multiple times that we were going to the mall after school. They seemed to be pretty excited about it so I let it go, even when it got a bit annoying.

>If you pushed yourself

"You know, that reminds me, are you gonna be okay going to the mall with your injury?"

I was allowed to sit out of gym class because of my injury and Wit had come over to sit down with me after several laps.

"It'll probably be sore as hell, but it's better if I strain it a bit than just staying off of it all day."

"Alright, just let me know if it hurts. I'll carry you if I have to."

"It's not that bad. I just busted the skin and bruised it. I didn't break anything."

"Yeah, but it'll give me an excuse to hold you."

I felt embarrassment flood my cheeks and I instinctively punched them in the arm.

"You ass, you're so full of yourself just because I said I wanted to impress you."

They laughed and rubbed the place where I punched them lightly, but didn't deny it.

>If you didn't push yourself

The coach warned me not to push myself like I did yesterday, so I guess I must've looked in bad shape. I wound up doing my usual jog around the field four times.

I watched Wit and their mates run around the track, nipping at each other's feet and shoving each other off the track. It was true that the wolves did treat each other more aggressively than they did the other students. I guess that was a part of their pack mentality.

Gym class went by fast and even the debate club felt like a breeze. Wit was so excited about our trip that they couldn't focus on being unnecessarily stubborn during the actual debates, so they ended up just saying yes to everything and there were no real arguments the whole time. 

I tried to pick up a debate with Lucas about whether tadpoles developing into frogs was considered evolution or not, but I couldn't argue against Lucas' facts the same way Wit did, and with no opposing argument it wasn't really a debate.

The moment club ended, Wit practically jumped out of their seat and rushed out the door. I followed after, heading to the entrance where I assumed they sprinted off to.

Sure enough, Wit was waiting outside at the gate, bouncing up and down in place. I came over and we started walking down the block towards the train station. It was the quickest way to get to the next town over without a car, and there was a train right after school so thankfully it was ideal.

"My mom said it was okay as long as I'm back before dark."

"Lucas would get bored if I'm not home when he gets there anyways so that sounds good to me. That gives us at least four hours to look around."

>If you gave Wit pencils

"You said that you were out of allowance for the month, so why are you going to the mall?"

"I just like to look around. I think it's fun."

"I guess that's fair."

>If you didn't give Wit pencils

We made casual conversation on the way to the train and while waiting to get to our destination. Just small things like the math test earlier and how the warm weather made them feel more energetic. I found it nice that I could have such a casual conversation with someone here, especially when I was worried about making friends when I moved.

We eventually made it to the mall, and I had to tell Wit to pace themselves with me. They sheepishly agreed and we started going through some of the shops. 

Wit pointed out things that they liked and talked about them. One of the clothes shops we went to, they tried on a V-neck and ripped jeans and complained about Lucas' sense of fashion. It had us both laughing by the end of it. I noticed Wit purposely skipped some of the stores that didn't interest them which was completely fine; after all, they were the one that wanted to come here.

About halfway through, Wit and I had to take a bathroom stop so, we made our way to one of the restrooms. It took a good minute to find it in the large mall. I finished in the ladies' room and waited on Wit outside. 

After several minutes, I started playing around on my phone, and when the door opened I looked up and saw some strange man leaving the men's restroom. There weren't any unisex restrooms here, so I assumed Wit had used that one.

I looked around confused. The restroom here was single use, so that meant Wit had either left earlier or didn't go in at all. That worried me for two reasons... because I had no way to contact them, and Wit would be walking around somewhere alone unsupervised.

I considered what I should do. If I went roaming around without any direction, it was unlikely I'd find them. If I stayed here surely they'd come back? Maybe they got distracted by something or went into another store? No, that didn't make sense. Wit wouldn't just roam off, would they?

I found myself anxiously rubbing my face with my hands when two people approached me. It was Wit and a security guard.

"Wit!"

I bounded up to them quickly and punched them on the shoulder.

"So you're with this werewolf?"

"Yes, I am."

I said sternly to the security guard. The security guard, who had Wit roughly by the sleeve, let go and walked away as if nothing had happened. I looked at Wit with anger and worry.

"Why'd you just leave like that?! I didn't know where you were! I was freaked out!"

"I had to go to the bathroom."

"Why didn't you just go to the one there!"

I pointed to the mens restroom in frustration.

"I can't go to that bathroom."

"If it made you uncomfortable you could've waited until I got out of the women's room!"

"No, that's..."

Wit sighed and I crossed my arms waiting for their excuse.

"The monster bathrooms were at the other end of the mall."

I stood in place, silently, for a moment.

"Monster... bathrooms?"

"Yeah."

"I'm not allowed to use the bathrooms humans use. They don't want to touch the same things we do."

"Didn't they have separate bathrooms for monsters and humans in your old town? I assumed you came from a segregated society."

"What..."

I looked back at the men and women restroom and then back at Wit.

"You have to use separate bathrooms?"

"Yeah, you didn't know?"

"I–"

I didn't. I had no idea. Was it like that in my old town? I never noticed anything like that.

"Well, yeah. That's how it works. It's far away from the other bathrooms so it took me a minute to get back."

"You should've at least waited for so I could go with you. What if you had gotten in trouble?"

"I don't like feeling forced to someone's hip and I knew I could just tell anyone who questioned me that you were in the other bathroom. That's why the security guard took me here instead of dragging me out."

"Forced to someone's hip?"

"The only reason I was able to come here today was because you came, [Name]."

All my thoughts came rushing in at once and I suddenly realized multiple things. When Wit told me they needed a chaperone to go to the mall, I hadn't even questioned that. And just now, I had scolded them for not telling me where they went or waiting for me. When the security guard came up clutching Wit's sleeve, I didn't question the security guard, I questioned Wit.

"Why... are things this way?"

Wit looked at me curiously.

"Why do you need a chaperone?"

"Huh? Why are you asking this now?"

"Because humans are uncomfortable with a monster running around by themselves."

Looking back, I suddenly realized that all the monsters I had seen in the streets or at restaurants in my old town were always accompanied by a human. I had thought they were friends, and maybe they were, but all this time it was because they weren't allowed out by themselves?

"But the town is practically made of monsters."

"Yeah, in Austin I can walk around as long as it's not after dark. But we went to the next town over, remember?"

Even in Austin, a town primarily made up of monsters, they weren't allowed out after dark?

I looked down to the ground, completely paralyzed by all the realizations I had made. All this time I had told myself that because monsters had been accepted into society for two hundred years that there were clearly no problems. But... monsters weren't accepted. They were just... simply tolerated.

"[Name]."

I looked up at the mention of my name and Wit smiled softly.

"We only have a couple hours left and there's a few more stores I wanted to look at."

"Oh... right."

I nodded and shook all the thoughts in my head away. Right now I was spending time with Wit. I could brew on all of this later.

Wit led me away and we continued our journey through the store, but it wasn't the same. I kept getting sidetracked by my thoughts and surroundings.

I hadn't paid much attention earlier, but almost everyone in the building was a human, and everyone nearby was staring at Wit. They weren't even trying to hide that they were staring at them. I saw a few whispering to each other and even a few points. Wit completely ignored it, as if they didn't notice it at all. But even with Wit's hyperfocus on exploring the stores, I knew there was no way they hadn't noticed.

This... was exactly like at school. Whenever I was near any of the monster students at school, they would also stare at me. Some would whisper and even point too. Isn't that why I felt so uncomfortable the first few days? Even on my fifth day at school, the students stared and whispered at me. It made me feel so uncomfortable and humiliated, like I was some alien among them.

Was this how Wit felt too?

Wit continued to point at things and talk about them. I made little conversation back, but they didn't bring it up. At some point, they pointed to a couple of board games in the window and expressed interest in them. I thought they'd go in, but instead Wit walked to the next store.

"Wit–"

I went to ask if they wanted to go into the store but then noticed a sign in the window that I had simply missed before. "No monsters allowed."

Wait, this is discrimination. Did all the stores that Wit avoided have a sign like this up? Was it even legal to so obviously discriminate like that?

I suddenly remembered what Lucas had said during lunch in that conversation about the equality of monsters. Is this what he meant by taking a better look around when I'm outside?

Wit looked back at me and I shook my head. I didn't want to remind them about it, or display my ignorance. Instead I just quietly followed after Wit, who continued to take me through stores and talk my ears off.

I tried to find anything in their expression and body language that showed any type of frustration, but Wit continued on as if this was all normal and it didn't even occur to them.

It made me realize that was because it was normal for them.

"I'm thinking of getting my ears pierced. What do you think?"

Wit held up some earrings to their wolf ear and looked at me expectantly.

"It feels a bit more like Lucas' thing."

I said as I took the earrings from them. It was silver small hoop earrings.

"Lucas does have his ears pierced, you know."

"Does he? I hadn't noticed."

"I haven't seen him wear earrings in a long time."

"That's too bad. I'd like to see him with earrings on."

"Do you think it's hot?"

"Why would you ask me something like that"

I laughed and punched them in the arm.

"Is everything going okay?"

I turned to see a worker had approached us from the side.

"Yeah, we're just looking."

"I've been thinking about wearing a band or necklace or some kind of cosmetic. I've heard a lot of girls find that hot."

"Stop it."

I could tell they were directing these comments to me by the way they grinned, waiting for my reaction.

"Well, if you want my opinion, I think this would suit you very well."

The employee moved over and pointed out an item on the rack. Wit's face immediately fell and I stood there in complete shock.

The employee had pointed towards a choker that was designed to like a dog collar. In the background I heard someone burst into laughter and looked over to see another employee hide his giggles.

I suddenly felt heat rise from my throat and I clenched my fists until they turned white. 

>"That's not funny."

"That's not funny."

I said with a stern, serious voice.

The worker, who had a smirk on her face to go with her terrible joke, clicked her tongue.

"It's just a joke kid. Grow up."

"Then what's funny about it?"

"What?"

"What made the joke funny? I didn't get it."

She opened her mouth and closed it a couple times, trying to find the words to say.

"Because..."

She stuttered as she realized there was nothing she could say to make her joke seem harmless.

"Is it funny because they're a werewolf? Haha, funny, canine wear collar..."

I mocked her, and I made it obvious I was mocking her too.

"Do you want to put them on a leash too?"

"[Name], it's okay, let's go."

"No, it's not okay."

I turned to Wit for a moment who was obviously uncomfortable, but this was more important.

"Did you know that collars were common to put on werewolves when they were enslaved? Do you think enslavement is funny?"

"The joke didn't go that deep."

"Because it wasn't a joke. If it was a joke, it would've been funny and you can't even tell me what was funny about it!"

I raised my voice, and I had to clench my teeth to prevent myself from yelling more. The employee had become silent. She showed discomfort at being called out as she was.

I turned to Wit who was looking at me in shock. I took a deep breath and grabbed Wit's arm and dragged them out. I didn't have much else to say; I think I had gotten the point across. I led Wit outside of the store and dragged them down the hall a bit. They silently followed until I came to a stop.

"I'm sorry."

"I couldn't stand there and let her get away with saying something like that."

"I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable."

Wit continued to stare at me in silence, unsure what to say.

"You didn't make me uncomfortable."

"Just nobody's stood up for me like that before."

"Don't you want to stand up for yourself?"

Wit looked at me solemnly for a moment.

"I don't want to get shot."

My heart dropped and I looked for any sign that they might be joking.

But Wit made no sign.

>"Let's leave, Wit."

I turned to Wit, who looked upset and uncomfortable. They slowly nodded to me and I headed out the door first. Wit quickly followed behind. When we exited I continued down the halls for a moment, trying to contain my anger. Eventually I stopped and Wit did too. We were both silent for a moment.

I wanted to say something, but what was I supposed to say? There was hardly a way I could console someone after that. I couldn't just try and move on and act like it didn't happen. It didn't feel right to tell them to ignore it.

I buried my hands in my face and let out a groan. I was so mad on Wit's behalf, and yet they were completely silent and submissive. I couldn't yell at them, I couldn't blame them... What was I supposed to do?

[Scene Change]

Wit and I both lost the enthusiasm to look around the mall further after that encounter, and considering the time it would take to walk back to the entrance and ride home, it was about time to leave anyways. Unlike on our way to the mall, we journeyed back in silence. There was a lot the both of us had to think about.

Wit led me to where they lived. The sky had just now started turning orange and getting dark. 

"Would you like to go to the park with me tomorrow?"

"What time?"

"Probably afternoon, like 2:00."

"Yeah, I'll meet you there."

Those were the only words we exchanged.

A woman was waiting outside and she waved at Wit and motioned for them to come in.

"Thank you for accompanying Wit today."

"No problem. I had fun too."

The lady smiled and said nothing more. I waved to Wit who had stopped at the door and glanced back at me. They gave me a weak smile and then disappeared inside.

Day 4

Last night, I had struggled to sleep. I wanted to ask my parents about the things I had seen at the mall with Wit yesterday, but at the same time I didn't want to hear any more about it. My parents had always told me that there was still so much to fight for, and I had always disregarded it because it didn't pertain to me.

>If That's not funny

I'm not the one who had to walk to the end of a giant building just to use the bathroom away from other people. I'm not the one that couldn't go into a store because of what I was. I'm not the one that wasn't allowed to walk freely without someone supervising me. I'm not the one that gets stared and pointed at for simply existing. I'm not the one that got horrible comments just for what I was. I'm not the one who has to watch what I say in public to avoid getting shot.

>If lets leave

I'm not the one who had to walk to the end of a giant building just to use the bathroom away from other people. I'm not the one that couldn't go into a store because of what I was. I'm not the one that wasn't allowed to walk freely without someone supervising me. I'm not the one that gets stared and pointed at for simply existing. I'm not the one that got horrible comments just for what I was. 

This entire time I was able to ignore it because it wasn't me that was suffering. Now that I saw it for myself, now that I felt just a simple glimpse of how it felt at school... 

I was ashamed. I was angry. I was upset.

Wit was such a kind person. They were always so genuine and honest. Sometimes they could get ahead of themselves but...

It made me angry, so angry that anyone had to deal with this. That anyone had to just accept that was how it was. The blatant discrimination. Had we really not gotten any further than this as a society? Weren't we better than this?

It made me angry that Wit had to deal with this especially. That stupid grin and their loud boisterous voice that you could hear from several rooms away... Always smiling like that.

I grabbed a pillow and buried my face in it.

Wit of all people didn't deserve that.

At around noon my mother came to drag me out of the bed. I ate some chicken tenders for lunch and took a lukewarm shower, wondering if I should talk to my parents about it. As researchers and activists, they'd know better than anyone about these things. But at the same time, I was scared. If I showed them how ignorant I had been this entire time, would they be upset their daughter had failed them in what they believed in and fought for?

"You're out of it today."

I looked over at my mom, who had caught me patting my face with a towel as I exited the bathroom after washing up. She looked at me with her usual smile and I sighed.

"I feel bad, Mom."

"Why so?"

"I've made friends with some of the monster students at the school. Yesterday I went to the mall with a classmate who's a werewolf."

"Yeah, that's why you came home late. You asked me if it was okay. Did you have fun?"

"It was fun at first but..."

"I started to notice things I had never noticed before."

"Mom... I didn't know monsters had different bathrooms from humans."

"I didn't know that people could refuse to serve monsters and put up signs that stated that. I never noticed that monsters have to have a chaperone in public and I didn't question it when I first heard it."

My mothers expression changed to surprise and worry as I continued.

>If Thats not funny

"I didn't know that people said such awful things to them. I didn't know they couldn't stand up for themselves. I didn't know that they worried about getting shot."

"I never noticed how people singled them out by pointing and staring."

>If Lets leave Wit

"I didn't know that people said such awful things to them. I never noticed how people singled them out by pointing and staring."

"And... I feel guilty. I feel guilty I never noticed these things just because I didn't have to go through it. I feel angry because I thought society and humans were better than this, I feel ashamed to even call myself a human knowing all this. We should be better than this."

"Mom, why aren't we better than this?"

I looked at my mother for an answer. She was silent for a moment, I could tell she was thinking on how exactly to answer me. I hurriedly wiped away the tears that were forming in my eyes from the hurt and anger I felt.

"I don't know why we aren't better than this, because I agree that we should be."

She took my hand and led me to the living room where she sat us both down on the couch.

"I feel this is partially my fault. I can hardly call myself an activist when I didn't even take the time to educate my daughter properly on what I'm fighting for."

"Your father and I are researching monsters to better fight for their rights, but I guess we just completely forgot to teach you properly."

"Looking back, the only answer I ever gave you when you asked about why we fought for monster equality was that there was so much left to fight for."

"What I'm saying is that you're not the only one that's been ignorant, [Name]."

My mother took me in her arms and held me close, I wrapped my arms around her and buried my head in her chest.

"I'm sorry. This would be a lot easier for you to digest if we had taken the time to communicate with you better, instead of being absent most of the time at the office."

"We got so caught up in what we thought was right that we ended up forgetting about our daughter at home. I'm sorry."

"I didn't say anything about being left at home while you worked, Mom. Tou don't have to apologize."

"No, but the fact you're just realizing all this now clearly means we didn't inform you enough on the injustices of inequality."

"As an activist and a mother, I'm disappointed in myself."

My mother and I sat on the couch together for a long time just talking about her work and more about the injustices monsters face. The reason she was working to researching monsters was so we can learn more about their needs and understand what needed to be done for them to live comfortably in society. 

I found out a lot more about monsters too, and she told me a lot more about werewolves when I asked. I learned that werewolves not only used to be commonly used as slaves, but were also the first monsters to be captured and enslaved. I learned that werewolf fighting rings existed and were banned twenty years after enslavement of werewolves was made illegal. That was only fifty years before the law that recognized equal monster rights.

Werewolf fighting rings and slavery were still a common problem even today, and apparently my parents helped pinpoint trafficking roads and fighting rings to shut them down. Even though monsters were under the protection law, if they showed signs of aggression, they could be shot on sight without any questions or legal repercussions.

I even found out... some things that made me want to throw up, things that were so vile... Like how in the past when enslavement of werewolves was at its peak, they had breeding facilities since it was easier to "tame" a werewolf that was born in "domestication" than to capture them at adulthood. They would rape and impregnate werewolves just to have more slaves, and when the mother could no longer carry they would whip her to death.

When the protection law first came into place, all monster pregnancies were monitored. There were laws in place citing that monsters could only have so many children to prevent "overbreeding," which was just an excuse to keep the humans in the majority. With werewolves who have three to five kids at a time, the state would forcefully abort all but one child. 

And until after eighty years of the protection law, monsters were not able to take their children home. Instead there were homes and facilities that were built for humans to raise them, for the reason that monsters would "turn out better" if they were raised by humans. And the atrocities that happened in these homes... in these "camps", more like... to those children that were taken from their mothers...

When I learned all of this, I couldn't help but think of Wit. It hurt more, imagining these people, imagining these children who suffered... when I knew someone just like them. I couldn't help but imagine Wit being whipped, beaten, forced to fight and kill other werewolves, having their ears ripped off... and it hurt so much more.

But I felt relieved... in a way. Relief that I now knew so much more.

"Oh! I have to go!"

I had managed to catch notice of the clock slowly approaching 2:00.

"I promised I'd meet my friend at the park today."

My mother let me go and bade me well. I kissed her cheek, promised I'd be home before dark, and thanked her for teaching me more. It was... a lot, a lot of things that felt better not knowing, but things I knew I had to face.

I ran to the park with ten minutes on the clock. I tried to keep at a jog but quickened my pace when I crossed roads. It was three blocks away from my house so I had to keep at a decent speed to be there in time. I didn't want Wit to think I had forgotten.

>If pushed yourself

I felt the pain rise from my leg where I had injured it two days ago, but I ignored it.

>If gave up

I finally made it and came to an abrupt stop at the entrance, bending over to catch my breath. I was so rushed and worried about getting here I hadn't focused on my breathing, so I was more out of breath than usual.

I stood up and gave a large sigh and smiled as I saw Wit approach me. For a moment I was nervous seeing them alone, but then remembered that the town had no rules against monsters being out alone as long as it wasn't after dark.

I guess that was the perks of being in a primarily dominated monster town.

"Hey, [Name]. I was wondering if we could exchange numbers? Since we're hanging out outside of school I thought it'd be convenient for meeting up."

"Yeah, that sounds like a good idea."

We both took out our phones and exchanged numbers. I suddenly realized this might have solved our issues at the mall where Wit disappeared and I had no way to contact them at the time. Wit smiled and look at me.

"Can I run?"

Wit must have been waiting for me. Seeing how they ran at gym class, I could imagine the amount of energy they must have bound inside them right now.

"Yeah, I'll just walk around. You go ahead and get your energy out. You probably need it."

Wit quickly bounded off at my answer and I followed the trail path that circled around the park. As it was the weekend afternoon there were several people here, and it comforted me to see that they were mostly monsters.

Had I come here earlier this week, I would've felt uncomfortable being one of the only humans here, but I had come to realize there was nothing to feel uncomfortable about. We were hardly any different besides a few different needs. Monsters having picnics and watching their children run around and chase the ducks... Yes, there was nothing abnormal about that.

This was a primarily monster town. It was originally segregated to give monsters a place to feel comfortable when the equality law first came into place. Some humans joined the town through the years and now about 10% of the town's population was human. There was an obvious difference in the way the humans and monsters treated each other, and while I wanted to be proud that we could even walk the same ground to begin with, I knew that wasn't enough.

I looked out to see where Wit was and stopped in my tracks. Out in the field, not a few yards away from me, I noticed a giant, brown majestic wolf standing peacefully in the grass. The light wind brushed through their fur and they looked out to the trees.

After a moment, the large wolf turned to me and we stared at each for a few minutes. I had never seen a wolf in real life before but I knew this wasn't a normal wolf. It was too big. It was a dire wolf... a werewolf. It was Wit. This was their true form.

Their eyes glistened as if beckoning me to come, and I heeded the call. I took short steps and made my way towards them They didn't move and instead continued to watch me approach.

When I was a few feet away, I stopped. It was... breathtaking. Up close was a completely different experience. It was like I had stumbled upon the guardian of a forest or something. The wolf in front of me was majestic and fierce, but completely natural.

>Pet Wit

I took a couple steps towards the giant beast and reached my hands towards their soft, long fur. My hands caressed their muzzle and I stroked up to their ear. Their ears gently went down with my hands and they closed their eyes for a moment, as if they enjoyed it.

But I was wrong. They merely tolerated it.

The wolf bared their fangs suddenly and their eyes shot open, glaring at me, demanding me to step back. I did just that, and their fur bristled as they stepped forward threateningly towards me. I stepped back uncertainly, but this only seemed to anger Wit more as they lunged at me and I felt my back hit the ground.

I yelped and closed my eyes instinctively. I could feel the weight of their massive paw dig into my shoulder and I covered my chest with my arms defensively. I could hear the growling emerge from their throat and feel their breath on my face, and in a moment both sensations disappeared and I felt the weight lift off of my shoulder.

I opened my eyes and looked up to see Wit as they usually were, standing near me and looking at me with cold eyes.

"Do you think I'm some pet, [Name]?"

"I–"

I sat up to reply and immediately lost my voice as Wit's cold gaze pierced into me. They had never made such a face before and I was completely lost for words.

"Don't you ever forget that a wolf is of the wild, not some dog to be pet and leashed."

Without another word Wit walked away in a huff.

My eyes found the ground and I frustratedly yelled and punched my hand into the dirt. I clenched some grass in my hand and pulled it out of the ground, and then released my grip in despair.

>Just stare

I didn't move, I just stared back into the beast's eyes completely breathless. It would be disrespectful to reach out even though I wanted to. It was like a deer in the woods: just look, don't touch, respect the wild.

Wit bowed their head away from my gaze and sat down, lying their head on their front paws and curling their tail comfortably out in the sun. They looked over at me from the corner of their eyes and I moved a bit closer and sat down next to them.

I was close to them but not touching them, if I wanted to reach out and stroke them I could, but I refrained. This was a sense of trust, I could tell. In this form Wit was at their most vulnerable. They couldn't speak with me to tell me of their needs, and this was the form that had led people to treat werewolves as they had in the past. It must've taken a lot from Wit for them to show me this side of themselves.

Wit and I sat in silence as we both basked in each other's presence in the sun. I thought I'd find myself bored quickly, sitting here and not talking. But instead it was somehow peaceful. I closed my eyes and allowed myself to relax as the sun warmed my skin and the spring wind blew my hair.

Wit and I sat in the sun like that for about an hour before we returned home. When we exited the park we hadn't said a word to each other since they had changed back to their previous form, but I could feel a difference in the air from both of us. I felt as if I had seen a different part of Wit, as if I had somehow become closer to them. Nothing else needed to be said.

When I arrived home I laid on the couch and played on my phone for the rest of the day, but even inside I could still feel the warmth of the sun on my face and the peace I had felt next to Wit.

Day 5

Today was a lazy day, as Sundays usually go. I sat around, watched movies, and played on my phone mindlessly. Later I ate some pizza rolls and took a really long hot bath. Wit had messaged me in the morning to remind me to have breakfast, but otherwise hadn't said anything. I almost wanted to ask if they wanted to hang out today but thought it might be too much after we had spent the last two days together.

I found the day had quickly passed me by and I was sad to see the darkening sky outside. I messaged Wit to remind them to eat dinner and ate the lasagna my mother had made. When I checked my messages again, Wit had not responded and I found myself dismayed. I sighed disappointedly and walked outside to sit on my steps and scrolled Reppit as the sky slowly turned that dark orange to the dark shadows that came with the sun going down.

Suddenly I got a message notification. I quickly clicked on it.

"Come see me."

It was a bit abrupt and there was no other context. I thought for a moment on how to respond and decided not to. I opened the door, then called to my mother that I was going out and I'd be back soon. The group home was a few blocks away, so I put on my tennis shoes and started the jog there. If I stayed at a steady pace I'd probably make it there in half an hour.

And about thirty minutes later, I came upon the gate that I had seen a couple days prior. The large building was built in front of a smaller front yard, but was filled with well-kept grass. I opened the door to the gate and was happy to find it unlocked, and I made my way up the paved path towards the door.

"What are you doing?" 

I jumped and looked over to see Lucas standing in the shadows of the building to the side of the door. It was dark and he was so still I hadn't seen him leaning against the wall. As he approached, his red eyes seemed brighter in the darkness of the night.

"We aren't allowed to have visitors past seven, you know?"

"Huh?"

It was almost 7:00 when Wit had messaged me and it was about 7:20 now. I thought if they had asked me to come there wouldn't be an issue, but now I was confused.

"Wit asked me to come see them."

Lucas was in front of me now and looked at me inquisitively, almost as if they didn't believe me.

The front door of the building opened and the light poured from the inside. Wit approached the two of us at a fast pace and we both turned to them.

"Hey, why did you–"

Lucas went to question them but suddenly Wit shoved Lucas hard. Lucas stumbled back and managed to stay on his feet.

"Back off."

Wit growled and bared their fangs. I was in complete shock and had little time to react.

Lucas bared his own fangs and grabbed Wit's arm, shoving Wit back against the wall. Wit growled in return but did not fight back or struggle.

"If you ever put your hands on me again, I promise you I won't stop here."

Lucas threatened as he peered down on Wit ominously.

The shock finally had passed me and I scrambled towards them. I grabbed Lucas' wrist to try and pull him off Wit but could not surpass his vampiric strength.

"Stop it Lucas! You're not helping!"

I let go and tried to shove the young vampire instead. The vampire let go when I did, though not because of the shove but of his own volition. He had made his point. He backed up and Wit straightened up. Their eyes did not leave each other, daring the other to do something first, and I worried another fight would break out.

"Both of you stop!"

"Wit, what was that for?!"

"It's because that's just how they are!"

"They're territorial and have to make a big display of what's theirs."

Lucas stepped forward, and I could see Wit start to lungem, so I jumped on them and held their arms against the wall, using my weight to keep them in place.

"Mark my words Lucas: I'll let it go tonight but you are NOT the alpha here. Get your hormonal shit together."

With that Lucas was the first to break eye contact and walked away inside the building. However, I did not move. I continued to keep my weight on Wit and pin them to the wall in fear that Wit might chase him down. I could still feel Wit's desire to lunge and attack by the way their muscles were still tense and they continued to bare their teeth even after the threat had left.

I had initially had my head placed on their shoulder but I finally raised it up and looked Wit in the face. They returned the gaze and theymsuddenly looked down in disappointment, like they had come to a realization and regained their senses. Wit's muscles relaxed and I backed away, looking at them standing there sullenly.

"Wit..."

"I'm sorry..."

Wit's ears laid down and they avoided my eyes. I could tell they were genuinely upset with themselves.

>"People get jealous all the time."

"Yeah, but do they attack their best friend like that?"

"Honestly? Sometimes."

Wit looked up at me, finally meeting my eyes. They didn't believe me.

"I've seen friendships of years fall apart just because of jealousy over some guy or girl. Sometimes people will even get into fistfights with each other. Pull hair, scream names..."

I trailed off and shook my head.

"It's not okay and I wouldn't say it happens all the time. But it's common enough that I can't say I'm surprised."

Wit looked down at the ground again and sighed.

"I don't want to ruin things with Lucas though."

"Then make sure to apologize."

"It was something you did in the moment, right? You feel really bad?"

"I..."

"I got really jealous... when I saw him next to you like that."

"I wanted him to know that you're mine."

I laughed and rubbed my cheek with my hand. I felt a bit hot from embarrassment. I knew it wasn't healthy but I couldn't help but feel it was quite cute in a way.

"There's no need to do that. Or at least not tl be so aggressive about it."

"We'll work on it, okay? If you feel like that again, instead of pushing someone, why don't you just stand next to me?"

"Don't growl at them or threaten them. Just stand next to me. Will that be enough to make you feel better?"

"I don't want others so close to you, though."

Their ears went down again and they looked almost like a guilty puppy. I laughed again. They really weren't going to make this easy.

"How about we just work on it, okay? You should apologize to Lucas first, though."

Wit nodded and sullenly started walking towards the door.

"What did you want me to come here for, by the way?"

I had suddenly remembered I had come here because of their text. They slowly turned to me, almost unwilling to answer as their face flushed.

"I just wanted to see you."

My own face flushed and I made a sigh to try and contain the embarrassment I felt with that answer. They weren't close enough that I could punch them for making me feel so red, so I just stomped off and covered my face. How could they say something like that like it was nothing? It made me so embarrassed and I didn't know how to handle it!

>"It's not something that you can really help."

Wit's eyes turned cold and they became angry.

"Because I'm a werewolf, right?"

"Wit, I–"

"Just another thing that makes me different from humans. Just another thing that proves I'm inferior."

Wit made an agitated noise and shoved past me. I stumbled and almost fell, realizing I had only upset them. I tried to call out to them and apologize but they quickly went inside and slammed the door.

>If you pet Wit

This was the second time I had messed up. I beat my fist against my forehead and kicked the concrete wall in anger. I was angry at myself for responding so stupidly. For responding in a way that hurt them.

>If you didn't pet Wit

I beat my fist against my forehead and kicked the concrete wall in anger. I was angry at myself for responding so stupidly. For responding in a way that hurt them. I had stereotyped them as a werewolf, and even if that's the reason they acted like that it was still hurtful to be reminded of that.

I didn't even get to figure out why Wit wanted me to come in the first place. I made a heavy sigh and kicked the grass beneath my feet as I made my way home. I shouldn't have come in the first place. I just ended up causing trouble.

Day 6

The next day when I arrived at class, Medi greeted me as usual. I immediately turned to find Wit and was upset to find that Wit and Lucas seemed to be avoiding each other. The deskmates that usually chattered among each other before class started both had their backs turned to each other and remained silent.

>If first choice

I guess Lucas didn't accept Wit's apology. It was fair considering how Wit treated him, but it pained my heart to see the two acting so colding to each other.

>If second choice

I guess Wit didn't fix things with Lucas. Considering what happened last night, I couldn't blame them, but it pained my heart to see the two acting so coldly to each other.

There wasn't much I could do as it was between the two of them, but I couldn't help but feel at fault since I was a part of it. 

[Scene Change - After Class]

I found that I couldn't really focus much today because of what happened last night. I just slowly drifted through math and English class without really taking anything in. In fact, I didn't even realize it was lunchtime until a blue hand had started waving in my face.

"I almost thought your soul was gonna leave your body!"

Medi laughed and I returned the laughter nervously. There was something about a ghost, the embodiment of a soul, telling me that that was a bit nerve wracking.

I thanked Medi and followed the class out to the cafeteria. I made a low effort and grabbed a few slices of pizza, then looked around to try and find Lucas and Wit. I was happy to find they were sitting at the same table, even if they were sitting further apart than usual and avoiding each other's gaze.

I approached the table and sat near Wit with Lucas in front of me. Neither of them cast a glance at me and I started to eat my pizza, trying to figure out something I could say to clear the awkward air.

I finally gave up and put my pizza down.

"Is this how it's gonna be now?"

I said to both of them. Wit's ears drooped down and Lucas glared at me.

"I'm pissed off. At least give me time to get over it."

Lucas stood and left the table and I quietly continued to eat my pizza. I shouldn't have said anything. Even if the whole incident started over me, I wasn't the one that was involved in what happened between the two. Pushing the two of them to make up would make things worse, and in my desperation to see the two friends get along again, I had made a mistake.

"I apologized last night but they said they needed time."

I looked over at Wit, whose ears still drooped. I could tell they still felt awful about what happened.

"It's what I deserve and I can't blame him for needing time to get over it. I was a jerk."

I wanted to comfort them but Wit was right. What they did wasn't okay, and nobody could expect the two to act like everything was chill the very next day. They both needed to process what had happened and figure out how they felt. It gave Lucas time to calm down and Wit time to reflect.

"Would you like to go to the park after school?"

Wit nodded and poked sadly at their sausages.

[Scene Change - After School]

Lucas completely avoided Wit for the rest of the day and didn't even show up to debate class. Wit obviously wasn't in the mood to debate, and Oscar could feel something was going on, so he just said we could do whatever we wanted to for the duration of the club. I just played on my phone and Wit ended up running off somewhere.

>If first choice

After the club, I met Wit at the entrance to the school and we both walked to the park together in silence. I guess after what happened last night, there was no way we'd end up having a good day. It was on both of our minds and it wasn't something we could really talk about easily, especially now that we had already said what needed to be said.

>If second choice

After the club, I met Wit at the entrance to the school and we both walked to the park together in silence. I guess after what happened last night, there was no way we'd end up having a good day. It was on both of our minds and it wasn't something we could really talk about easily, especially with how I had handled it afterwards.

We made it to the park and sat down on a bench together. It was quiet for a moment, and I finally decided to break the silence.

"You know, the other day I learned a lot about monsters, and I learned a lot about werewolves."

"I learned a lot about the details of their slavery and history with it. At my old school, the only thing we really went over was how monsters were generally hunted in the 1600's, and in the 1900's the protection law came into place."

"We never went into any other details."

I looked at Wit who quietly sat there listening.

"It made me feel bad that I didn't know all this time. It made me feel like the education system was trying to hide it, like they felt ashamed. Because they should feel ashamed."

"I couldn't believe all the awful things that had happened. It was just so cruel and awful, I didn't even realize we were capable of that."

"There's a lot I've realized since I came here, actually. And honestly I don't know how to feel or react about it all."

"I thought we were better than that as a society. But we're not. And what we have now isn't enough."

I let out a sigh as I finished. This was something I wanted to tell Wit about when we first came to the park, but I didn't know how to bring it up. 

"When I was eight, some people broke into our house and shot our parents dead."

"Our?"

Wit nodded.

"I had four sisters."

I winced at the use of past tense.

"I guess the neighborhood didn't like that a family of werewolves had moved in. We were constantly moving around because of issues with neighbors and people not wanting us around. There's not a lot of segregated areas primarily made up of monsters like this, so my parents kept moving us hoping that maybe one day people would leave us alone."

"But I guess we just ended up moving to the wrong place."

"They hid us in the closet and I remember my mother begging to the people that came in. Neither of my parents defended themselves. I remember hearing that loud bang and trying to comfort my sisters."

"What happened to your sisters?"

Wit looked to the ground and was silent for a moment.

"They heard our sobbing and found us, but I guess they didn't want to kill children because they refused to shoot us."

"Instead they took us with them to a house and put us in dog crates. I don't know how long we were there, maybe like two weeks."

"In those two weeks, they came down and take my sisters one by one. I didn't know where they were taking them and they didn't come back."

"In the end, by the time we were found, it was just me left."

My heart dropped.

"There was an investigation into trafficking in the area."

"They didn't even send the police. I ended up getting saved by firefighters."

Wit made a small smile recounting the event. The relief of being saved must have been a lot.

"That's why you want to be a firefighter."

Wit nodded.

"They tried to find my sisters, but all traces of them were gone."

"They figured I was left because I was so young and females sold faster."

When Wit said that I felt sick to my stomach.

"The kidnappers ended up getting arrested, but that was all. I was sent to the group home and that's how I got here."

"Even though they were caught and punished... it never felt like enough."

I leaned back on the bench and let out a breath of air, taking it all in. So Wit had gone through all that...

>"You don't hate humans?"

Wit was silent for a moment and then sighed in irritation.

"They killed my parents and sold off my sisters. What kind of question is that?"

I felt a pang in my heart when they said that.

"I would be lying if I said I didn't resent humans even a little."

"I try my best not to hate them, but I can't deny that sometimes all I feel is anger."

"We didn't deserve that. We were just trying to exist. We didn't hurt anyone or do anything wrong. We were just kids."

"You're right... I'm sorry..."

>Ending Divergence

>Good End

Wit stood up and sighed, then turned to me.

"It's okay. I got a little worked up, I'm sorry too."

"But... that's exactly why I can't let that resentment eat me up."

"You can't fight discrimination with discrimination. If I get angry and treat the humans the same way they treat me, it'll just continue the cycle of of discrimination and hatred."

"Humans will just use it as an excuse to say we're different and deserve bad treatment, and it'll just give me an excuse to say humans are awful in return."

"It's hard sometimes, especially when they look down on me and say mean things. And I know even by the time I die, things probably won't be much better."

"But I don't want to feel like that."

"Wit..."

I didn't know what to say. I didn't realize this was how they felt this entire time. Even though humans had killed their parents and sold their sisters, Wit still refused to allow that anger to control them. If I was in their position, I can't say I'd be able to do the same thing.

"Ever since I came to the group home, I haven't had many interactions with humans. The humans in the town are scarce in comparison to the monster population, and they often end up avoiding me whenever I'm around."

"That's why I was excited when you ended up coming to our school."

"For a human to come to a school full of monsters, surely that's a sign that things are changing somewhere. I wanted to see it as a sign of hope."

Wit looked down at me and their face flushed, I could see affection fill their eyes.

"At first I just wanted to see if you were nice."

"But somewhere along the line I ended up feeling weird around you."

"And then I acted like that with Lucas without even realizing it."

"It's kind of silly since I've only known you for a week, but when I'm next to you I feel really happy."

I felt the heat rise to my cheeks and I punched their arm and then burst into laughter. Wit grinned and leaned down and kissed my forehead.

"I guess I'm the type to get a crush quickly. [Name], I think I like you. A lot."

"I'm not asking you out or anything. I'm not witty enough to ask someone out after only a week after all."

I laughed at their use of wording and they chuckled with me.

"But if you could ever feel the same about me, that'd make me really happy."

[Good End - That'd make me really happy]

>Bad End

Wit scoffed and stood up, then looked down at me with a cold gaze. I felt chills go down my spine.

"I'm tired of acting like it's okay."

"I'm tired of acting like I'm not mad."

Wit's face turned into one of anger.

"I'm tired of acting like looking at you doesn't piss me off."

"Wit–"

"Shut up!"

I flinched.

"They tell us all the time that we can't hate humans, that not all humans are the same. They tell us it'll get better with time and we just have to bear it."

"But how am I supposed to believe that?"

"You try to act like it makes you feel bad, you try to act like you sympathize, but you only act like that to make yourself feel better."

"I thought a human coming to our school would mean something. I thought a human coming to our school proved things were changing. But that was foolish thinking."

"If you felt like that this whole time then why were you so friendly? Why did you act like you liked me?!"

I was upset at their words and I lashed out.

"I didn't like you like that."

Wit once again looked at me coldly.

"Then why did you push Lucas and get so territorial?!"

"Because he was near my prey."

I froze in place and looked at them in shock. I felt the hairs on my neck stand up. Wit must have felt the fear I felt as they quickly grabbed the shirt of my collar and leaned close to my face threateningly.

"You shouldn't forget that a wolf is a predator, [Name]."

They pushed me back roughly and I was left sitting there, shaking.

"Isn't that why humans hunt us down and blow our brains out?"

I opened my mouth but no words came out. I was too scared. I was too upset.

"It seems humans tend to forget that."

[Bad End - Wolf in Sheep's Clothing]

>"You have every right to hate humans."

Wit looked at me, surprised for a moment, and then their expression softened.

"You say that, even though that means I'd hate you too?"

I looked down and nodded. The thought of Wit hating me made me feel really upset. I liked Wit a lot, but I wouldn't blame them if they felt that way. After all that humans had done to them simply because they were a werewolf... I could understand if they bore resentment towards me.

Wit looked out towards the park for a moment before answering.

"I do feel a bit of resentment sometimes."

"When I think back to it, I feel so angry that it happened to us."

>Ending divergence

>Good End

"But... that's exactly why I can't let that resentment eat me up."

"You can't fight discrimination with discrimination. If I get angry and treat the humans the same way they treat me, it'll just continue the cycle of of discrimination and hatred."

"Humans will just use it as an excuse to say we're different and deserve bad treatment, and it'll just give me an excuse to say humans are awful in return."

"It's hard sometimes, especially when they look down on me and say mean things. And I know that even by the time I die things probably won't be much better."

"But I don't want to feel that way."

"Wit..."

I didn't know what to say. I didn't realize this was how they felt this entire time. Even though humans had killed their parents and sold their sisters, they still refused to allow that anger to control them. If I was in their position, I can't say I'd be able to do the same thing.

"Ever since I came to the group home I haven't had many interactions with humans. The humans in the town are scarce in comparison to the monster population, and they often end up avoiding me whenever I'm around."

"That's why I was excited when you ended up coming to our school."

"For a human to come to a school full of monsters, surely that's a sign that things are changing somewhere. I wanted to see it as a sign of hope."

Wit looked down at me and their face flushed, I could see affection fill their eyes.

"At first I just wanted to see if you were nice."

"But somewhere along the line I ended up feeling weird around you."

"And then I acted like that with Lucas without even realizing it."

"It's kind of silly since I've only known you for a week, but when I'm next to you I feel really happy."

I felt the heat rise to my cheeks and I punched their arm and then burst into laughter. Wit grinned and leaned down and kissed my forehead.

"I guess I'm the type to get a crush quickly. [Name], I think I like you. A lot."

"I'm not asking you out or anything. I'm not witty enough to ask someone out after only a week after all."

I laughed at their wording and they chuckled with me.

"But if you could ever feel the same about me, that'd make me really happy."

[Good End - That'd make me really happy]

>Bad End

Wit stood up and gave out a large sigh.

"I try to remind myself that not all humans are like that."

"But it's completely impossible when all they do is remind me that they are."

"Wit–"

"Shut up!"

Wit suddenly turned to me in anger. I flinched.

"I'm tired of acting like it's okay."

"I'm tired of acting like I'm not mad."

"I'm tired of acting like looking at you doesn't piss me off."

"They tell us all the time that we can't hate humans, that not all humans are the same. They tell us it'll get better with time and we just have to bear it."

"But how am I supposed to believe that?"

"You try to act like it makes you feel bad, you try to act like you sympathize, but you only act like that to make yourself feel better."

"I thought a human coming to our school would mean something. I thought a human coming to our school proved things were changing. But that was foolish thinking."

"If you felt like that this whole time then why were you so friendly? Why did you act like you liked me?!"

I was upset at their words and I lashed out.

"I didn't like you like that."

Wit once again looked at me coldly.

"Then why did you push Lucas and get so territorial?!"

"Because he was near my prey."

I froze in place and looked at them in shock. I felt the hairs on my neck stand up. Wit must have felt the fear I felt as they quickly grabbed the shirt of my collar and leaned close to my face threateningly.

"You shouldn't forget that a wolf is a predator, [Name]."

They pushed me back roughly and I was left sitting there, shaking.

"Isn't that why humans hunt us down and blow our brains out?"

I opened my mouth but no words came out. I was too scared. I was too upset.

"It seems humans tend to forget that."

[Bad End - Wolf in Sheep's Clothing]
