Day 1

The debate team had been more exhausting than I had thought it would be. At first the arguing between Wit and Lucas had made me a bit nervous since they seemed at each other's throats, but I soon realized despite the agitation in their voices they weren't actually angry with each other. I think Lucas was a bit frustrated with Wit, but more because of their stupidity rather than anything else. Lucas was just that kind of person.

I ended up falling asleep the moment I got home and woke up completely famished. Thankfully, my mother was kind enough to have a large stack of waffles ready to satiate my hunger by the time I had already awakened. I took a few extra minutes to gorge myself on the blueberry delicacies and then headed out the door.

I could feel the cramp in my stomach telling me I had eaten too much on my way to school, but I hardly noticed it. I was in a shockingly good mood. Perhaps because I had found the school had exceeded my expectations. I had originally thought I'd be unhappy and unable to make friends, but had quickly learned that many of the students were actually quite friendly. Even Lucas who seemed intimidating at first.

For the most part I had come to understand the general layout of the school, at least the halls and rooms I'd primarily be using in the school year. So getting to my class and the clubroom had proven to be relatively easy by the first day, with the only issue being the crowded halls. I still noticed that many of the students stared at me as I passed by, but I had come to find it rather easy to ignore despite it still being rather uncomfortable.

When I walked into the classroom Medi greeted me from across the room and I waved back. Wit and Lucas were talking loudly in the back where they sat, or at least Wit was. It seemed Wit was complaining about geometry while Lucas only replied with nods and "uh-huh" as he looked at his own notes. Lucas somehow gave me the feeling he'd be pretty good at math, in fact unlike Wit I had never heard him complain about any of the subjects.

I sat down at my desk and pulled my own notes down. Thankfully with geometry it was all about using the correct formula, and the formulas tended to be rather easy to solve. I looked over my notes and did a few random problems in the math book we had for class until the teacher arrived and class started.

[Scene Change - After English & Math Class]

Classes went by rather quickly today. During the breaks the students would loudy chatter and even roughhouse a bit until the teacher arrived, in which the class would immediately disperse into silence. It seemed the teachers had a pretty good grip on the students here, it was kind of funny how quickly everyone went to their seats and dropped everything else.

I stretched in place as most of the class flooded out of the classroom and into the halls towards the cafeteria.

"English 3 is so boring. I can't understand the way they write."

Wit groaned and threw their pencils in their bag roughly.

"It's all written in the 1800's or 1900's. Writing was much different back then. Of course it's going to be difficult to read."

"You seem like the type that'd like older writing, Lucas."

I said aloud. I had eavesdropped in the conversation and interjected myself accidentally. They both looked at me and Lucas sighed and looked away.

"Why? Because I'm a vampire?"

"Huh? N-No..."

"I'm not that creepy 1200 year old vampire that reads old literature in their giant library at their giant spooky mansion in the woods."

"I–"

"Lay off Lucas, do you have to take everything as an insult? She probably just meant that you seemed smart enough to appreciate it."

I was thankful Wit was quick to my rescue. I really didn't mean any harm, and I had only thought so by the way he spoke about it."

Lucas crossed his arms and sighed again.

"Like anyone else in this classroom, I think some of the older ways of writing can be a bit obnoxious in modern times."

"But I do think there's an appreciation that can be found in older stories."

Lucas, perhaps done with the conversation, started towards the door. Wit motioned for me to follow and I did. I had thought that maybe Lucas wasn't that bad of a person, but it didn't seem like he was particularly easy to get along with either. Along with his intimidating impression, he seemed to be fairly pessimistic and hostile towards people he didn't know. 

Or perhaps it was because I was human.

Today I got myself some sausages, boiled broccoli and mashed potatoes. Filling my plate with the delicious food, I followed Lucas and Wit to a table of their choice and sat down. Lucas quietly sipped on his juicebox of blood while Wit took no time to start chowing down on their own sausages.

"You said you had an appreciation for older literature. Do you like Shakespear?"

I attempted to make conversation. Lucas sighed once again and glared at me.

"I'm not a fan of their most popular writing, Romeo and Juliet. But I guess Hamlet was alright. As for liking Shakespear, I don't really care either way."

"Are there any writings you like?"

"No, I just read whatever I find. Reading is more of a way that passes the time rather than something I enjoy. I don't particularly like or dislike anything."

"Even..."

I stopped in my tracks and Lucas looked at me as if to dare me to ask the question. Vampires are known for not having a lack of emotions, or any emotions at all. I had almost asked if there was anything he liked before being turned. It was an insensitive question and I had caught myself before I had said something so ignorant.

"Lucas reads a lot of non-fiction, I think he just likes learning."

"I don't like or dislike learning, there's just nothing better to do with my time."

"But you prefer reading to pass the time?

Lucas agitatedly poked at his juicebox of blood.

"Reading is one of the quickest ways to pass the time. By the time you get halfway through a book you don't even realize it's already been hours. Plus, people are less likely to bother you if you're reading."

"I'd consider that liking to read then."

"Why are you so obsessed with what I like or not?"

Wit shoved Lucas' shoulder with their own to tell them to back off and Lucas irritatedly returned to their meal. I quietly ate for a moment, not wanting to agitate him anymore. After giving him a moment to calm down, I replied to his question.

"I just wanted to get to know you. I'm sorry if it annoyed you."

"I'm not an interesting person to get to know."

Did he have to be so edgy? It felt like every attempt that I made to talk to him that he responded with hostility or antagonized me. It was difficult to approach him, let alone keep a conversation with him. In some ways I felt he was kinder than he tried to let on, in other ways he reminded me he was a complete jerk.

"Why are you interested in getting to know me?"

I looked up from my plate, returning from my thoughts, and looked at him. He looked at me with the same expression he usually held, uninterested and expressionless, but somehow I felt he was genuinely curious about it. 

"I guess I thought we were similar and related a bit in the way we both kind of keep to ourselves. I also liked to read a lot in the past but haven't read much lately. I thought maybe you could suggest some books for me when Wit mentioned you like to read."

Lucas looked at me for a second, as if to analyze me to see if I could be lying. Eventually he let it go and twiddled with the straw to his juice box for a moment.

"That Time I Turned Into a Gecko Prophet and Found Myself on the Run had such a ridiculous plotline, you might be interested in that."

I couldn't tell if he was being genuine or trying to insult me by assuming I had such strange taste in literature. I almost wanted to ask him what made him think I'd like a book like that, but I felt it might be a trap just to insult me again. Instead I decided to go along with it.

"I'll look into it then, maybe I can find it at the library."

Lucas didn't reply or change his expression. I thought maybe I had gotten through just for a moment, but I guess he said that to get me to leave him alone.

[Scene Change - Club]

After lunch, world history and gym class went relatively fast. It was mostly notetaking and I ran my four laps in the fields. I noticed today that Lucas did not partake in gym class, considering it was during the day outside I guess it was simply impossible for him to. It made me realize how difficult things really were for him as a vampire.

>If you asked Lucas about going home

He had to sit in the very back corner away from the windows, he had to avoid the windows in the halls and cafeteria. He had to wait until dark before he could even leave the school to go home and unfortunately there weren't further accommodations in place for him.

>If you didnt ask lucas about going home

He had to sit in the very back corner away from the windows, he had to avoid the windows in the halls and cafeteria. Did he have to wait until night to go home? That'd explain why I saw him leaning on the wall that one time when school ended as if he was waiting for something.

It made me wonder why the school wasn't built with fewer windows or at least smaller ones, and why P.E didn't take place in a gymnasium. I looked out at all my classmates on the field and realized that Lucas was the only vampire here. I hadn't seen any other vampires, though it wasn't unlikely there were a couple more, but the school definitely had a lack of.

Considering vampires weren't born naturally I guess it made sense why there weren't many, especially in a school environment. Add that to the strict laws about vampires allowed in society and of course the numbers would be drastically low. In that case, there probably just wasn't enough need for such a large change to accommodate a few people.

It was sad that those few people ended up having to struggle around everything else though. Just because they were a minority their needs were simply overlooked.

With these thoughts jumbling my mind I found that time had quickly passed and it was already time for debate club. I was kind of excited remembering the humorous back and forth between Wit and Lucas, but at the same time I could immediately feel my energy being drained just by the thought.

I trailed behind Lucas and Wit, also on their way to the debate club. Wit was talking about some sort of game and a theory behind it while Lucas just listened. Sometimes I couldn't tell if Lucas really liked Wit as a friend or only tolerated him, Wit did seem like the kind of person that'd be hard to shake off if he saw you as a friend. But maybe Lucas was just indifferent.

We arrived and were giving slips of paper. Oscar, the debate club leader, told me we wrote down our wanted topic and then we'd pull from a box. I remembered this being mentioned yesterday during the club.

"But you don't have to since you're still new! Just until you get the hang of things."

"Wit I swear to God if you put something stupid again."

Wit snickered as they threw their own paper into a small cardboard box. I decided to skip this one since Oscar allowed me to, meaning there were only three pieces of paper to pick from between the entire group.

Oscar fished in the box as everyone stared at him expectantly. It took him a couple seconds to find a paper in the mostly empty box, he finally dramatically jerked the paper out and unfolded it.

"Monsters who are charged with a criminal act should face proper jail time like humans instead of being executed without a right to defense."

The room was quiet as nobody quite knew how to respond to such a serious topic. It was completely different from yesterday's topic. I looked over to see Wit who looked just as unsure as everyone else. It was like a battlefield laid out with bombs, just asking for someone to say the wrong thing.

"If a monster is charged with a criminal act they are immediately executed by right of law with no further questions. Monsters do not get a proper trial or a right to defend themselves if charged. Instead they can be shot on sight or if taken under custody, executed promptly with no trial."

"The fact that this is legal and general protocol means that monsters are still perceived as a threat more than an equal. The act of execution without trial is something you would never see happen to a human without a revolution."

"Society says we have equal protection under law, but this law is exempt under the conditions that we break the law. I'd hardly call it equality or protection."

Wit's ears had gone down at their discomfort of such a heavy topic and I felt myself squirming in my seat. Lucas stared each of us down, demanding a response with his glare. I looked around the room a few times and found myself slightly frustrated at the debate.

>"Don't you think this is a bit of a heavy topic?"

"Just because it's a heavy topic, does that mean we should avoid discussing it in a club that's meant for debating controversial takes."

"Despite what Wit writes down on their own slips of paper, I think debating real life problems is more productive. Especially ones you feel strongly about."

"But don't you think it's a bit uncomfortable to talk about in this sort of setting?"

"Are you saying that because you're in a school full of monsters, or because you don't want to debate a topic that doesn't affect you?"

"I didn't say that–"

"It's easier for someone to ignore and avoid something that doesn't pertain to them. It's easier for people to turn a blind eye to something that is morally wrong, if they aren't the target of the act."

"It's easier for you to ignore people that are suffering from a law when you aren't held under the same law, and thus you have no reason to fight against it even though you know it's wrong. Isn't that why you're uncomfortable?"

"Lucas, that's enough."

Wit slammed their hands on their desk and stood up.

"It's only her second day. It's okay to debate but you're throwing some deeply accusatory comments around on someone who's hardly been around. She's not used to differentiating between a heated debate and a hostile classmate, if you continue like this she'll think you're actually talking about her."

"If she's going to attend a school for monsters, she should have a clear understanding of what it means for us, should she not?"

"You're throwing around accusations that she's okay with monsters being executed without any evidence that she truly feels this way."

"Then why was she uncomfortable debating–"

"Because nobody wants to talk about people getting murder under a rightful law!"

Wit who had climbed out of their seat by now turned, grabbed the desk and flipped it over angrily. They bared their fangs and breathed heavily in rage. Lucas, who had also stood up, stared at him expressionless. I had turned stiff and shook slightly at the events that took place.

Wit was actually angry this time, I could tell by the way their entire body shook that they were aching to tear the room apart.

"Alright, now debates and even yelling are fine but physical aggression–"

Before Oscar could finish scolding the two, Lucas walked out of the classroom without a word. I looked at Oscar and then at Wit, who after a moment picked up the chair and apologized quietly.

Oscar dismissed us but I stayed in my seat a little shaken. Wit, who had also taken a moment to gather themselves, approached me.

"Lucas is always like that, please don't take anything he says personally."

"He's bad socially and doesn't realize when he takes it too far."

Wit was the one who had yelled at Lucas in anger, but this entire time they were worried about me.

"It's okay. I think maybe I hadn't responded well either."

"It's not an excuse for the way he attacked you like that. He knew what he was doing when he said all those things."

"He got carried away. I think it'll take Lucas a while to get used to being around a human."

"That's just how it is, isn't it?"

"He's always straightforward, blunt and a bit rude with how he speaks. But he was specifically targeting you because you're a human."

"Nobody should be treated differently just because of what they are, he knows that pisses me off."

So Wit didn't the way Lucas was talking to me, I guess it must have triggered something in Wit. Even now I could tell Wit was still trying to contain themselves. But even so, they apologized on Lucas' behalf. They must be worried I'd hold it against him or leave the club.

"I understand. It's... really alright."

I took a small breath and nodded to them to ease any worry.

I think today was more exhausting than yesterday.

>"It's a bit difficult to approach this topic." 

"Why? Is it because it makes you uncomfortable?"

"No, because there's nothing to debate. You're completely right, and I can't think of any way to really put up any debate against it."

"I mean, I can come up with all sorts of reasons why I agree with you. But I wouldn't really call it a debate if there aren't two opposing sides arguing."

"Personally, I don't feel comfortable even trying to come up with some reason as to why I'd oppose what you said, even if I didn't believe it. So I just find it hard to approach it as a debate topic when I can't defend the side you're opposing."

When I looked up I noticed Lucas staring at me, seemingly shocked. Perhaps he had expected a different answer for me, but it seemed he was completely stunned at my answer. 

"I'm all for making up bullcrap arguments but I also find it uncomfortable to try and come up with an opposing argument to this, Lucas."

Wit agreed with me, I could tell the topic made them uncomfortable for other reasons too.

Lucas looked down for a moment, as if contemplating what was said.

"Then... what reasons would you use to argue my side then?"

Somehow I felt as if he was testing me. It was like this almost every time I spoke with Lucas, like he was just waiting for me to say something he could criticize and take to an extreme context.

"For one thing, not being able to give a defense heightens the chance of harming someone that ended up being innocent. There is no reason why a monster shouldn't be able to defend themselves against a criminal charge, and not being able to clearly show that humans still perceive monsters as a threat rather than as an equal, just as you said."

"It's giving into the notion that if a monster does one thing wrong, then clearly they are a bad person and must be dealt with. One reason monsters had been hunted down for years is because humans were convinced that they had no morals or values and were just killing machines."

"However, over the years humans have come to realize that monsters have higher intelligence and empathy than we had originally realized, to the same degree as humans even. That's why the equal rights for monsters bill came into place, because humans agreed it was basically the same thing as hunting down another person."

"The ability to shoot a monster on sight that is under suspicion of a criminal act as a right of law also gives into the notion that monsters are beneath an equal right to live. You shoot a rabid animal that's trying to kill a person as a right of law, not a werewolf that's stealing from a store because they're hungry."

"We don't even sentence humans to death anymore because it's seen as inhumane. Allowing an execution for monsters just shows that there is still inequality viewed among monsters. Especially since the death penalty for humans were under extreme crimes, but a monster can simply be executed for any crime at all."

"Look, there's a lot. But the basic idea is that it's morally wrong and gives into the idea that monsters are not equal to humans, which is what the equal under law bill was supposed to mean. If government officials and superiors of general society show treatment towards monsters that are unequal, then others will follow as well."

"Regarding the equality law, this completely goes against the movement and what was initially meant to be stated. It shows that monsters haven't been given completely equal rights and there are still major areas that need to be improved upon and changed."

I gave a large breath after saying all this and looked down at the ground with a bit of sadness.

"It seems there's still a lot we need to work on."

Wit was looking towards a corner of the room, completely avoiding the conversation themselves. Lucas had been completely focused on me the entire time I spoke. After I had finished he leaned back into his seat a bit and folded their hands on their desk.

"I agree with everything you said. It's... nice to see that you feel the same way."

I got the feeling that Lucas thought differently of me because I was a human. Considering this topic alone, I can't say I really blamed him. It just made me inherently sad that he viewed me in such a way without even getting to know me a little. 

But I couldn't really be upset about that when he's probably being judged for being a vampire too. In fact, looking back, I can already think of a few times I myself had judged him based on being a vampire. The guilt in me ate at my heart, I think I can start to understand Lucas' hostility towards me.

The rest of the debate club was primarily silent. The heavy topic had ended up putting most of us in an uncomfortable position. Even though we tried to come up with some more light hearted debates, it hardly did anything to ease the discomfort.

By the end, I think we were all relieved. I found myself quickly aiming for the door, but before I could bound out to the halls Lucas called my name. I turned to see him avoiding my gaze.

"I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable with that topic."

"It's... something important that needs to be discussed more."

"Yeah, but..."

Lucas sighed.

"Nevermind, I just wanted to apologize. If I didn't make you uncomfortable then that's good."

With that Lucas swiftly left.

Day 2

Despite the debate team having a rough end, I managed to sleep pretty well. My parents asked how school was going and I let them know that I was getting settled in well. In the morning, I got dressed and headed to school. I did worry about any tension that there might be with Lucas, but if Lucas held onto every little thing I think it'd be difficult to be friends with Wit. 

I was happily greeted by Medi in class and went to my seat, quickly pulling my notes out in front of me. Tomorrow will be the geometry test so I wanted to review the formulas a bit, even if I was fairly confident in my ability on the subject.

Wit's loud voice was noticeable among the rest of the class. I ended up glancing over and noticed that Lucas and Wit's synergy seemed the same, with Wit casually chatting away while Lucas looked at his notebook, probably completely ignoring him. Perhaps that was a good sign and I was the only one that had left over worries about the club.

Math and English 3 ended up passing quickly and I found myself at lunch with the two. Wit and Lucas both seemed to get the same thing everyday. I guess Wit liked the school sausages and Lucas simply had a... strict diet. I played around with my mashed potatoes, macaroni and meatloaf a bit.

"Is there something troubling you?"

"Hmm? No."

"The school can just be a little overwhelming sometimes."

I had honestly spaced out for a moment. Even though I had tried to discard most of what happened yesterday, I still had a lot on my mind. It was a pretty uncomfortable situation, but there was one primary thing that bothered me.

The fact that I didn't even know the topic at hand was a current world issue. I can't think of a time I had really heard of monsters being executed or even shot on sight, in fact besides the uncommon slave trade that was found then and again, I hadn't see much media on violence against monsters. That's why I was so surprised when it got brought up. 

Just because I don't see it doesn't mean it doesn't exist or happen. I knew there were still people who looked down on monsters, but I had thought by law they were considered equal and hadn't looked much into it. I would be lying if I said it didn't make me uncomfortable because I hadn't known it before, and as a human I felt like I was somehow a part of it. There was somehow some sort of guilt of being ignorant about it that made me feel like I was compliant.

"Do you often debate topics like that?"

"It's more common for Wit's to be pulled for some reason."

"I wouldn't say we have a lot of debate topics like that, but I do generally choose a more political topic to debate."

"If we're going to argue about something, it should be about things that matter right?"

"I can't say I don't agree. But what does talking about it do rather than just make us upset?"

"We're a club. We can't make any actual changes or decisions about anything we debate."

"Don't you think it's common to do something, even though it won't make an actual change to a larger problem?"

I looked up inquisitively at Lucas, he noticed my look and sighed.

"For example, a lot of vegans are activists about animals being harmed in factories. Even though one person being a vegan won't change the way those factories work, it's still important to them to take on that act isn't it?"

"Or people that boycott businesses that have harmful practices. It's just one less person that's going to use the business among hundreds of others, it'll hardly make a difference. But... that difference matters, now matter how small."

"Even though I can't make any change myself by simply claiming it's wrong to execute monsters for criminal activity, it's still important to talk about it. Talking about it and making awareness of it is the best I can do to make any change."

"I know it's inevitable and I have little ability to do anything about it in general. But isn't sitting back and doing nothing at all even worse?"

"Just because you can't do something yourself doesn't mean you give up. Giving up and complying just means you think it's okay. There will never be a change if nobody stands up."

He took a large gulp of his juicebox of blood and then made an annoyed groan.

"I hate you for making me talk this much."

I laughed, thankful he had said something to make light of the conversation, even if that wasn't his intent.

Lucas was right though. Simply complaining about something won't change it, but maybe one day that one complaint will make a difference. Maybe one day that complaint will carry in the wind and make a change someday. Maybe one day monsters can also have the same equality as humans. Just as it should be.

I was pretty happy with the conversation I had with Lucas at lunch, it had completely changed the anxiety I felt from the debate club. I felt I understood Lucas a bit more now, even though he could come off hostile and aggressive sometimes I think he had a sort of means to an end.

World history surprised us with a tiny pop quiz but it was relatively easy. Gym class was the usual, the werewolves competing aggressively and everyone else just getting their laps done for the day.

When the debate club came I found myself becoming a bit anxious again. However my anxiety completely subsided when the debate ended up being about whether a movie was good or not. It was kind of funny considering it was a matter of opinion and Lucas and Wit were arguing as if they were using facts. 

It was a movie I hadn't seen so unfortunately I couldn't add to the conversation myself, but just seeing the two bicker light-heartedly was enough to make the time enjoyable.

Debate class came and went and I packed my backpack and headed towards the entrance of school. On my way I noticed Lucas leaning against a wall, similar to how he had on the second day.

>If you approached Lucas

I made my way over to him and waved.

"Hey."

He nodded at me to acknowledge my existence.

"Would you like some company?"

"You know I have to stay until dark right? That'll be several hours."

"I know, I don't mind."

I could tell my answer irritated him as he sighed in return. He seemed to sigh a lot when he was around me.

"I don't need your company. If I felt lonely I'd ask Wit to stay with me. I actually enjoy being by myself."

Hmm. Somehow I felt he was only saying that.

>Give him your phone number

"Alright then. Do you have a phone?"

"Yeah, why?"

"Can I see it?"

Lucas glared at me for a moment but took out his phone and handed it to me.

"There, now you have my phone number. If you do end up getting bored or feeling lonely, you can feel free to message me. I don't mind, I have pretty boring evenings."

Lucas took the phone back and looked at it for a minute, like he was unsure if he should take the offer.

"Okay, whatever."

He put the phone in his pocket and crossed his arms. I took that as my sign to leave and made my way to the entrance.

On my way home I suddenly remembered the book that Lucas recommended to me the other day. I know he probably said it was another way to insult me considering how ridiculous the book sounded, but I sort of wanted to see what it was about at the same time.

I made a trip to the library and managed to find a copy to bring home. The cover was just as ridiculous as the same, displaying a bright yellow gecko with a large tail mouth agape at swords and pitchforks. It was a light novel and seemed to be for young teens, even so I decided to give it a try.

I made it home and allowed myself to decompress. The last couple days had been a bit overwhelming and it felt like the moment I got home I was a battery out of juice. I took this time to watch movies and browse Reppit mindlessly, thankfully it didn't seem like the school sent out a lot of homework.

I took a shower, dried my hair and opened the ridiculous book. The first chapter was exactly as you'd expect, a fairly dramatic main character who was run over by a truck and transported to another world as a gecko prophet. Apparently as a prophet she had predicted the end of a King, and in anger the King wished for the gecko prophets head for making such a claim.

I had only gotten that far when my noise notification for my phone went off. I thought at first it'd be a reply to one of the forums I frequented but was surprised to see an unknown number who had messaged me.

"It's Lucas."

I really hadn't expected him to message me at all. I sat up and replied quickly.

"Hey, what's up?"

I decided to keep it casual even though I was sure he wasn't doing much. It took him a moment to respond, perhaps he was a slow typer.

"Chilling."

I laughed because it didn't feel like something Lucas would write. I took a picture of the cover of the book and sent him the image.

"You're actually reading it?"

"You recommended it."

"That's so stupid."

"What is?"

"I recommended it so you would shut up."

"So you admit it."

"Yeah."

I laughed at the conversation. Somehow his shortness and straightforwardness was comical over text. Perhaps it was easier for Lucas to talk like this?

"What do you think of it?"

"I've only read the first chapter. It's pretty ridiculous and what I had expected from the title."

"It doesn't get much better."

Me and Lucas ended up texting back and forth for the remainder of the evening until it got dark and he stopped responding. I guess he ended up going home, I was kind of annoyed he didn't even let me know and stopped responding during a conversation but it was what it was.

I went back to reading the book for a few more chapters and as Lucas said it had not gotten much better by chapter five. It was just an insane mess of characters acting dramatically and the main character getting herself into situations that were avoidable, all which were completely ridiculous in the context that she was a gecko.

I had had my fill for the night and put the book up, unfortunately it was something I would have to finish now since I had started it. But it wasn't completely bad, it was so ridiculous it was almost comical. Not in the way that it was genuinely funny, but that it had actually passed as a book and been released. The entire set up was strange and full of plot holes that it hardly felt like an actual single story.

After turning the TV off and getting my sheets ready for bed, I checked my phone before I put it on the charger. I had a text from Lucas that was pretty simple, but made me smile.

"Goodnight."

>Stay with him

I walked over next to him and leaned against the wall with him. He side-eyed me for a moment and I could see the irritation in his eyes, but he didn't say anything. We stood there in silence for a bit, I would momentarily take out my phone to check Reppit every now and then.

There was no conversation the entire time I stood there with him. We watched as the halls thinned out and all the students left, and we stayed silent even when it was just the two of us and the sun started to go down.

I found myself unbearably bored, but I was determined to make a point. Every time I tried to make any sort of conversation I was quickly brushed off, so I guess Lucas was also determined to make his own point.

My thoughts ended up wondering a couple times. About whether I was really even doing anything, or why I was even trying to get along with someone who made it clear he didn't particularly like me. But somehow I felt that Lucas was purposely trying to push me away, and it made me want to get to know him even more.

He was pretty blunt and straightforward, I'd peg him to be an antisocial guy if he wasn't always hanging around Wit. Because of that, I had a feeling that Lucas actually had a softer side to him. A side that enjoyed having people by his side and actually did like reading books.

Eventually the skies had darkened enough for him to leave. He stood up straight and walked towards the entrance of the school, which I then followed. He opened the doors, went down the steps and then stopped for a moment.

"See, you just ended up wasting your time, didn't you?"

I was surprised at his sudden comment. I felt an agitation course through my body, but I held it back. I wanted to yell at him for mocking me for staying with him when I had only wanted to befriend him. But I also knew I was in no place to accept gratitude when I had forced myself to stay with him.

I stayed put as he walked away and only moved when he had disappeared from view. I felt a bit bitter and tried to rub my cheeks to get the warmth of anger out of my face. Just the way he said it in general was just so irritating! Ugh.

I had let my parents know beforehand I was staying late so they weren't particularly worried, though they were curious. I simply told them I had a friend I wanted to give company to because he couldn't go home until late. They seemed happy I was willing to stay late with my friend but it just made me feel bad since Lucas didn't seem to appreciate the same sentiment.

>If you didn't approach lucas

"Do you stay here because you can't go out in the sun?"

Lucas looked up at me when I spoke and I gave a small smile.

"Yeah, I have to wait till the sun goes down."

"That sounds awfully boring. Would you like some company?"

"You know I have to stay until dark right? That'll be several hours."

"I know, I don't mind."

I could tell my answer irritated him as he sighed in return. He seemed to sigh a lot when he was around me.

"I don't need your company. If I felt lonely I'd ask Wit to stay with me. I actually enjoy being by myself."

Hmm. Somehow I felt he was only saying that.


>Give him your phone number

"Alright then. Do you have a phone?"

"Yeah, why?"

"Can I see it?"

Lucas glared at me for a moment but took out his phone and handed it to me.

"There, now you have my phone number. If you do end up getting bored or feeling lonely, you can feel free to message me. I don't mind, I have pretty boring evenings."

Lucas took the phone back and looked at it for a minute, like he was unsure if he should take the offer.

"Okay, whatever."

He put the phone in his pocket and crossed his arms. I took that as my sign to leave and made my way to the entrance.

On my way home I suddenly remembered the book that Lucas recommended to me the other day. I know he probably said it was another way to insult me considering how ridiculous the book sounded, but I sort of wanted to see what it was about at the same time.

I made a trip to the library and managed to find a copy to bring home. The cover was just as ridiculous as the same, displaying a bright yellow gecko with a large tail mouth agape at swords and pitchforks. It was a light novel and seemed to be for young teens, even so I decided to give it a try.

I made it home and allowed myself to decompress. The last couple days had been a bit overwhelming and it felt like the moment I got home I was a battery out of juice. I took this time to watch movies and browse Reppit mindlessly, thankfully it didn't seem like the school sent out a lot of homework.

I took a shower, dried my hair and opened the ridiculous book. The first chapter was exactly as you'd expect, a fairly dramatic main character who was run over by a truck and transported to another world as a gecko prophet. Apparently as a prophet she had predicted the end of a King, and in anger the King wished for the gecko prophets head for making such a claim.

I had only gotten that far when my noise notification for my phone went off. I thought at first it'd be a reply to one of the forums I frequented but was surprised to see an unknown number who had messaged me.

"It's Lucas."

I really hadn't expected him to message me at all. I sat up and replied quickly.

"Hey, what's up?"

I decided to keep it casual even though I was sure he wasn't doing much. It took him a moment to respond, perhaps he was a slow typer.

"Chilling."

I laughed because it didn't feel like something Lucas would write. I took a picture of the cover of the book and sent him the image.

"You're actually reading it?"

"You recommended it."

"That's so stupid."

"What is?"

"I recommended it so you would shut up."

"So you admit it."

"Yeah."

I laughed at the conversation. Somehow his shortness and straightforwardness was comical over text. Perhaps it was easier for Lucas to talk like this?

"What do you think of it?"

"I've only read the first chapter. It's pretty ridiculous and what I had expected from the title."

"It doesn't get much better."

Me and Lucas ended up texting back and forth for the remainder of the evening until it got dark and he stopped responding. I guess he ended up going home, I was kind of annoyed he didn't even let me know and stopped responding during a conversation but it was what it was.

I went back to reading the book for a few more chapters and as Lucas said it had not gotten much better by chapter five. It was just an insane mess of characters acting dramatically and the main character getting herself into situations that were avoidable, all which were completely ridiculous in the context that she was a gecko.

I had had my fill for the night and put the book up, unfortunately it was something I would have to finish now since I had started it. But it wasn't completely bad, it was so ridiculous it was almost comical. Not in the way that it was genuinely funny, but that it had actually passed as a book and been released. The entire set up was strange and full of plot holes that it hardly felt like an actual single story.

After turning the TV off and getting my sheets ready for bed, I checked my phone before I put it on the charger. I had a text from Lucas that was pretty simple, but made me smile.

"Goodnight."

>Stay with him

I walked over next to him and leaned against the wall with him. He side-eyed me for a moment and I could see the irritation in his eyes, but he didn't say anything. We stood there in silence for a bit, I would momentarily take out my phone to check Reppit every now and then.

There was no conversation the entire time I stood there with him. We watched as the halls thinned out and all the students left, and we stayed silent even when it was just the two of us and the sun started to go down.

I found myself unbearably bored, but I was determined to make a point. Every time I tried to make any sort of conversation I was quickly brushed off, so I guess Lucas was also determined to make his own point.

My thoughts ended up wondering a couple times. About whether I was really even doing anything, or why I was even trying to get along with someone who made it clear he didn't particularly like me. But somehow I felt that Lucas was purposely trying to push me away, and it made me want to get to know him even more.

He was pretty blunt and straightforward, I'd peg him to be an antisocial guy if he wasn't always hanging around Wit. Because of that, I had a feeling that Lucas actually had a softer side to him. A side that enjoyed having people by his side and actually did like reading books.

Eventually the skies had darkened enough for him to leave. He stood up straight and walked towards the entrance of the school, which I then followed. He opened the doors, went down the steps and then stopped for a moment.

"See, you just ended up wasting your time, didn't you?"

I was surprised at his sudden comment. I felt an agitation course through my body, but I held it back. I wanted to yell at him for mocking me for staying with him when I had only wanted to befriend him. But I also knew I was in no place to accept gratitude when I had forced myself to stay with him.

I stayed put as he walked away and only moved when he had disappeared from view. I felt a bit bitter and tried to rub my cheeks to get the warmth of anger out of my face. Just the way he said it in general was just so irritating! Ugh.

I had let my parents know beforehand I was staying late so they weren't particularly worried, though they were curious. I simply told them I had a friend I wanted to give company to because he couldn't go home until late. They seemed happy I was willing to stay late with my friend but it just made me feel bad since Lucas didn't seem to appreciate the same sentiment.

Day 3

>If you gave Lucas your phone number

When I woke up the next morning I had a text from Lucas that was sent at dawn.

"Good morning."

It was simple but it made me smile, simply because Lucas didn't seem like the type to go out of his way for someone. It was a minor thing that took three seconds to send, but the fact he went out of his way to text me at all felt nice.

"Good morning."

I inhaled my pancakes and made my way to school. I was greeted by Medi quickly and I waved and headed to my desk. Since the math test was today I wanted to go over everything one last time, I was determined to try and ace the test. I didn't want the teachers to think I would slack or be behind just because I was a human.

I felt my phone vibrate in my pocket and I checked it to see a message from Lucas. I looked over to see Wit chatting his ear off as usual while he peered down at his own notes, his phone laid next to his notebook.

"You always study in the morning. Do you struggle?"

Did he worry if I was struggling? I generally always took the beginning of class to review everything in class just to make sure I felt confident in my answers, I hadn't really thought anything of it.

"I just like to review to make sure I know what I'm doing."

I laid my phone next to my own notebook and continued studying, but did not get a response. The teacher arrived and we were given our tests. Thankfully I did indeed feel confident in the entire thing, I immediately wrote down the formulas for each shape at the top of the paper to remind myself and the rest of the test was a breeze.

When the class had ended the students were louder than usual. Most were complaining about the test and their doomed failure. If it was any other subject in math I'd probably be right with them, but thankfully it was something I was confident about. I doodled in my notebook as I drowned out all the loud noise of my classmates.

I felt my phone in my pocket vibrate again and I brought it out and checked it. Once again it was Lucas.

"Did you know what you were doing?"

I made a small laugh, something about the wording was funny to me.

"Yeah. What about you?"

I turned to Lucas who was listening to Wit howl and complain. His phone vibrated and he looked at it, then he looked at me and we met eyes. I turned away immediately feeling embarrassed. Why was I watching his reaction to see a message from me? Why did he look at me to see what I was doing?

"Yes."

It was a small reply and just like Lucas. I covered half of my face with my hand to try and hide my embarrassment from the looks we exchanged.

"That's good."

Lucas didn't really message me for the remainder of the day. 

>Stayed with Lucas

I woke up, got dressed, ate breakfast and started on my way to school. The schoolyard looked the same as ever, and I slipped through the halls into the class. 

I waved as Medi greeted me upon entry and sat at my desk. Since the math test was today I flipped my notebook out to start reviewing, just to make sure I was prepared.

At some point I looked back to where I could hear Wit chatting with Lucas. I wondered if Lucas was still frustrated about last night, but he didn't look my way. Either way, I had made the decision not to bother him again like that since he didn't seem to appreciate it.

The teacher arrived and we were given our tests. Thankfully I did indeed feel confident in the entire thing, I immediately wrote down the formulas for each shape at the top of the paper to remind myself and the rest of the test was a breeze.

When the class had ended the students were louder than usual. Most were complaining about the test and their doomed failure. If it was any other subject in math I'd probably be right with them, but thankfully it was something I was confident about. I doodled in my notebook as I drowned out all the loud noise of my classmates.

During lunch, Wit, Lucas and I exchanged casual conversation. I mentioned the book I had read last night and we all had a laugh about that. Lucas seemed to agree with me that it felt like the author had multiple different stories they wanted to tell and put it into one discombobulated one. 

"Did you know Lucas' birthday is tomorrow?"

Wit had suddenly chimed in shortly after the conversation about the book had ended.

"What, really?"

"It's not that important."

"Of course it is, how old will you be?"

"It doesn't really matter."

"Oh come on, don't be like that."

Lucas twirled the straw of his juice box a bit but didn't answer. He didn't seem particularly agitated, but it didn't seem like he was really pleased either. Was he one of those people that hated their birthday?

"It's not something I plan on celebrating so just forget it."

"Why not?"

"There's no point in celebrating a timeless life."

"Huh?"

I was confused at what he meant. He had suddenly gotten serious and he stopped twirling his juicebox and made a heavy sigh.

"You celebrate birthdays because you hit a milestone in life. You're 16 years of age, look you made it to 25, look your 68 and still going strong."

"It's why they say things like "she was only 16" when someone dies, or "she lived so long she was 98 years old". Because humans gauge life based on how long you lived."

He looked up at me, I couldn't tell if I was projecting but I could've sworn I felt a sense of sadness from him.

"As someone who can't die from old age, what's the point of celebrating an endless milestone? It'll just remind me that I'm bound to time anyways. It's hardly anything worth celebrating."

"Years will go by and before I know it decades will have passed. Everything around me will change, the people too. Everything but me will change."

"Humans celebrate ages because they want to keep track of time."

"I don't want to keep track of time."

My fingers twitched at the feeling of wanting to hug him. Even though he spoke with an expressionless tone, the words he said filled me with sadness. It was clear he thought about this alot. I was suddenly reminded about how he said he preferred books because it was a fast way to pass time.

That's right. Vampires are immortal. Time must seem endless to him. And yet so instant.

Something that struck me was the way he said human, everytime. Like he wasn't talking about people in general, but humans specifically. It almost felt like he was resentful of humans, I had also gotten this feeling during the debate discussion that had made me uncomfortable a couple days ago. And when he said humans like that, he also felt like he was specifically talking to me.

>Do you hate humans?

"Do you hate humans, Lucas?"

Lucas, like usual, took a moment to respond, as if he had to think about his answer for a minute.

"No. I don't hate humans."

"I envy them."

"And I miss being one."

Things must have been hard for Lucas when he was turned. Now that I actually looked at him, he looked about my age. Did that mean he had been turned only recently? For us to be in the same grade, we must be in the same age range. Once a vampire is turned, they don't age anymore.

In that case, it'd make sense why it seemed so hostile and bitter towards humans. He used to be one and suddenly being treated differently, having his life completely turned upside down. I had never really thought deeply about the specifics of vampirism, but the drastic change must have been really traumatizing for him.

I had taken his hostility as anger and resentment, but it seemed Lucas just missed how things used to be. He missed when he could go out in the daylight, when he could eat normal food, and when he wasn't treated differently for being a vampire. For being a monster.

Vampires are definitely the most criticized monster on the list. They have only been accepted under the equality law for fifty years, as opposed to the two hundred the majority of other monsters had. That was because people believed vampires weren't humane enough, the mere fact of having to drink human blood to eat was enough for people to consider them an actual monster.

Vampires have been known for ages to hunt humans, to raid and kill villages. More than any other monster in fact, and unlike the other monsters who tried to gain peace by communicating with the humans that they deserved equality, vampires were one of the only ones that seemed to have no interest in it.

That seemed to be because vampires were more individualistic than any other monster. Many vampires gave into their lust for blood rather than keeping to any morals and humanity they had within them. That's why even when the law passed to consider vampires equal, they could only be considered equal under the pretense that they proved themselves under the court of law as peaceful and got an ID.

I don't know what all this entails, as far as I know it was just questioning the vampire to see if they had genuine intentions in joining society. If a vampire is found roaming society, enforcement can pull them aside at any time and question their ID. A vampire was only allowed in society with this ID, as it proved that they had no intentions to harm people.

Even under that law, vampires are still held under huge scrutiny. In the beginning they were expected to drink no blood at all, this caused vampires to starve, give in to lust, or turn to animals. Back then, a vampire could have their ID taken just for feeding off of an animal.

Later, an animal farm was finally put in place dedicated to supplying vampire food. As far as I know, animal blood is not as healthy or nutritious for vampires as human blood is, and they need twice as much. But at least they could rightfully eat.

Lucas was around my age when he was turned, that much is a fact. I had never thought about it up until now, but I couldn't really imagine how difficult that must have been. 

>Do you hate me?

Lucas snorted and slammed his juicebox down, glaring at me from across the table.

"Are you that full of yourself? What reason would I have to hate you? I hardly know you."

"I don't hate anybody without reason. In fact, I don't hate anyone or anything at all."

"So, don't think you're special in some way."

Lucas stood up and quickly walked away before I could even try to explain myself. I really did it this time, I had thought I was finally starting to get to know him but...

I couldn't tell if he was fickle or if I tended to say the wrong thing.

The rest of school went by relatively quickly. I made short exchanges with Wit and Lucas during breaks but not much else happened otherwise. Even during debate class I mostly watched as Wit and Lucas argued about color theory. I tried to join in on the debate, but I was kind of senseless when it came to colors and found myself at a loss of how to contribute.

I was kind of lost in thought anyways. Wit had said tomorrow was Lucas' birthday. It made me want to do something for him or at least get him a gift. But Lucas had made it clear he didn't want to celebrate it at all, so I worried I'd end up just irritating him again. 

Maybe if it was something small he wouldn't mind as much? But I couldn't even think of a proper gift to give him to begin with. My first idea was a book, but he didn't really like books, rather he used it to pass the time. I couldn't get him a cake or cookie for obvious reasons.

But still. It felt really unfortunate to not do anything for your birthday. Whether he recognized it or not, the fact he was alive today was something worth celebrating. He might not be living the life he had expected but...

Ugh, and maybe that's exactly why he didn't want to celebrate his birthday.

When debate ended Wit and Lucas both left. I gathered my things and also started home. I passed Lucas in the hall again, but I only gave him a glance and passed by. 

Tomorrow was Saturday so even if I got him something I'd have to wait until Monday to give it to him, and it'd be well past his birthday by then and completely miss the point. If I asked Lucas where he lived or if he wanted to meet up tomorrow, he'd probably know why and completely refuse.

Yeah, maybe it's best to just forget about it. Maybe Wit had an idea for him and they could do something themselves. 

Day 4

I wanted to laze about on the weekend but my mother suggested I go out to town for the day. In my old town I'd go out with my friends a lot, so I guess she wanted to encourage that behavior. I didn't really have anyone to hang out with unfortunately, so I just ended up walking down the streets and sightseeing at my new home.

The immediate difference was the amount of monsters in town. I only saw a few humans around, and we stuck out in the crowd like a sore thumb. As I passed my monster citizens I noticed their stares, similar to how it was at school. Some of them didn't pay heed to me, but there were enough where it was noticeable.

I went by a couple random stores and looked around just trying to pass the time. Sometimes I'd stop by a bench and take a break, sitting in the warmth of the sun and scrolling Reppit a bit at a time before continuing down the next block. Besides all the monsters, the town seemed relatively normal in regards to my old town.

It was kind of crazy how fast time passed, before I even realized it the afternoon had settled in and I found myself incredibly tired. The town was much smaller than my other one, meaning it had much less to offer in a variety of things to do. Besides the few cute stores and the bowling alley, it really didn't feel like there was much here.

My mother texted me mid-evening to grab some cheese while I was out for dinner so I started on my way back. I entered the nearest mart next to me and grabbed the selected cheese. When I got to the register my eyes happened to catch some sparklers at the front of the store. They were a dollar for a box of six.

Sparklers... They were more of a firework thing but I had seen people use them for birthdays too. Lucas' birthday suddenly crossed my mind and I pondered whether I should get them or not. By the time I'd see him on Monday, his birthday would have passed. And it's not like they were particularly interesting, hardly considered a gift.

But I found myself wanting to get him something. Maybe if I got him something small like this he'd be less offended, since he didn't want any attention to his birthday. Worst comes to worse he'd just throw them in the trash bin or give them to Wit. A dollar was hardly much of a loss in those conditions.

I finally made up my mind and grabbed the sparklers. Using my card the cyclops at the register rang my items and bagged them. I carefully avoided her eye and thanked her for checking me out and then headed outside. The sun would be setting soon so I'd have to make sure to hurry home so mom had enough time to prepare the lasagna.

Except, I ended up getting lost. I hadn't paid much attention to which way I had been going when I walked through the streets, block to block. Since I wasn't anywhere near my house and the town wasn't yet familiar to me, I found myself wandering around desperately hoping to find something that looked familiar to me.

By the time I found the park, which was three blocks from my house, the sky was already dark. I hadn't wanted to call my parents because they tend to make a big deal of things like this, but maybe it would've been easier in the long run. I sighed and messaged my mother apologizing for being late, telling her I'd be home soon.

I looked over towards the park and widened my eyes as I noticed a familiar figure sitting on a bench. It was Lucas, just staring out towards the field with his usual expression. But somehow it felt like he was lonesome, he was bent over and looked... tired. Maybe I was thinking too much into it considering it was Lucas.

I grasped the plastic bag in my hand which held the sparklers I had bought with him in mind. He might get annoyed if I approached him like this, but it was an oddly convenient time to have found him considering the gift I had bought. But, since he hadn't wanted attention on his birthday, maybe he'd get mad if I approached with the gift.

I made a sigh and approached him, it took him a minute to notice me and his look immediately icened. I waved nervously and stopped when I was a few feet away from him. I fumbled with the bag nervously and pulled out the sparklers, handing them to him. He looked at them for a minute and then looked at me with an annoyed expression.

"What?"

"Happy birthday."

He scowled and clicked his tongue.

"I know you don't want to celebrate it and I'm not trying to force you too. But I did want to give you something."

"Maybe it's because I'm just a stupid human and birthdays feel important to me, and you can even throw it away if you don't want it."

"But I feel guilty for not getting you anything when I consider you a friend."

He had looked away the entire time I spoke. At first I thought he was going to completely ignore me, but after a minute he turned towards me and took the box of sparklers. He looked at the box for a minute before opening it and taking out a couple of sticks and a match that came in the box.

He handed me one of the sparklers and I took it after a small pause. I had hesitated because it surprised me, I had planned on walking away after he had accepted the gift.

Lucas struck the match against the box and lit both of our sparklers. I sat down next to him and we both watched as the sparkler blew tiny fireworks. Since it was dark it danced brilliantly in the air. It only lasted for a few seconds, but in those few seconds an entire story was told.

"It's not much."

"It's fine."

I looked at Lucas and I noticed he had already taken out another sparkler and lit it. He gazed at the tiny fireworks in his hands, almost as if he was lost in the display. I had never seen him seem so interested in something.

"Do you like it?"

Lucas only responded after the sparkler had finished its show.

"Yes."

It was the first time he had ever admitted to liking something. It surprised me and I smiled in return to his comment.

"It's moments like these that are precious. Fleeting and lost to time."

"Moments that quickly pass you by, but stay with you forever."

I got the feeling that Lucas was melancholic because of his words. Like, he was thinking specifically talking about himself. I looked at the sparkler which had completely lost its life and felt like I understood what he was trying to say.

>"Time is short."

"Time is short. Fleeting, like you said."

"I can't imagine how fast and endless it must seem for you."

"But moments like this, I hope they can become really precious for you and stay with you for a long time. And I hope you have a lot of those moments."

Lucas was quiet for a moment and then laid the burnt out sparkler on the bench. He leaned back against the back of it and let out a short breath.

"I don't want to have any precious moments."

"Why?"

He closed his eyes and was quiet. I couldn't tell what he was thinking, but what he had said had made me sad.

"Because when those moments are gone, that's all I'll have. Is a fleeting memory."

"Isn't that why it's precious?"

"Yes. But I–"

His voice trailed off. It was the first time he had ever seemed unsure of his answer.

"My life will be full of fleeting moments. Time will pass me by in an instant. One day, you and Wit won't be here anymore."

"It'd be better if I didn't have those precious moments. It'll all just end up being empty, like something's missing."

I understand now. I guess Lucas really did feel lonely. He gave me the impression things didn't bother him, but it seemed he thought about these things a lot. Feeling empty... I wonder if that's how it feels being a vampire.

"Not that it'll matter in the end. I won't be able to care in a few years anyways."

"Are you talking about how vampires don't have emotions?"

"Vampirism is a curse. A curse to take away the humanity of someone who did something awful a long time ago. A curse to isolate him from his own kind, a punishment to sentence him to a long, unforgiving life."

"As time passes my emotions become harder to feel, harder to distinguish."

"Even now, I don't really remember what it feels like to be happy or sad."

"In the end all my relationships won't even mean anything to me. I won't ever be able to love anyone properly."

"Is that why you always push me away?"

"You'd just end up regretting getting to know me."

So he was pushing me away all this time. I looked out towards the large field of the park and made a sigh.

"I won't regret it."

I turned to him, he solemnly stared blankly at the ground.

"You're my friend. Even if you don't care about me anymore, you'll be my friend."

"It'll matter to me and Wit, so don't feel like there's no point in making precious memories like this."

"Me and Wit will always remember them as precious for you. And the way you feel for them now is important too."

Lucas turned to me and I smiled.

"I mean that."

Lucas stared at me for a moment, taking in everything I had said. Even though I had said it as a way to console him, I also meant it to. 

Suddenly, Lucas grabbed my jaw with his hand roughly. He leaned forward quickly and his lips pressed against mine. I widened my eyes and instinctively tried to pull back, but his grip was too strong and kept me in place.

After a moment and what felt like a long time, Lucas leaned back and let his grip go. I could still feel where the tips of his fingers held tightly onto my jaw and the feeling of his cold lips on mine, and his fangs slightly touching the bottom of my lips.

"Remember this feeling for me too then."

"What?"

Before I could question him or yell at him or even punch him he stood up and walked away. I was left frozen, completely shocked at what had just happened.

H-He kissed me?

My face flushed red and I put both hands on my cheeks to try and contain the heat.

That was my first kiss! That wasn't fair. How could he... How could he do that? Did he even like me that way, or was he just caught up in what I said?

My mind was racing and I felt myself getting dizzy.  I slapped my cheeks to ground myself and stood up. The heat stayed in my cheeks on my entire walk home and I was left completely confused by the events that had taken place.

>"We have time."

"We have time to do things like this."

"We can keep doing it as long as you want to."

Lucas scoffed and abruptly stood up, the box of sparklers fell to the ground and he turned to me with cold eyes.

"If that's what you think you're more ignorant than I thought."

"Lucas I–"

He threw the dead sparkler in his hand at me and it hit me in the chest and fell to my lap. I stood up as he started walking away and shouted towards him to come back, but he swiftly left without even looking back.

I was left by myself shivering in the cool, night air. I was just trying to console him, did I say something wrong? I thought I had finally gotten through to him but he ended up closing back up immediately.

I sighed and picked up the sparklers and box and started on my way home. He was so fickle, it felt like my heart had dropped into my stomach. I blinked away tears and tried to contain myself. He could've at least let me apologize first.

Day 5

Saturday ended up being a lazy day. I took the day to watch movies, read more of that ridiculous book, lay around and scroll Reppit, and try and sort out my feelings. A lot had happened last night when I had met Lucas in the park and I was still trying to understand it.

>If first choice

Why did he kiss me? I hadn't gotten the feeling he had liked me like that. And he told me to remember the feeling for him?

I touched my cheeks as I felt them get warm again at the memory. I felt embarrassed and confused. I was a little scared. My heart beat really fast when it happened. Is that what he wants me to say to him?

>If you gave phone number

I wanted to confront him and talk about what happened. It wasn't fair for him to throw that on me and walk away. I had texted him if we could meet up again but he had left me on seen.

Seriously!? You're just gonna kiss a girl and then leave her on seen without any further context?!

>If no phone number

I wanted to confront him and talk about what happened. It wasn't fair for him to throw that on me and walk away. But it's not like I had a way to contact him, and I doubt he'd respond even if I could.

Seriously!? You're just gonna kiss a girl and then leave her alone in the dark without saying anything else?!

>If second choice

Why did he act like that? He suddenly became so hostile when it felt like he had finally opened up. I can't even figure out what I had said wrong. He was so stubborn and difficult to communicate with.

>If you gave phone number

I wanted to confront him and talk about what happened. It wasn't fair for him to throw that on me and walk away. I had texted him if we could meet up again but he had left me on seen.

Seriously? If you're gonna get mad at me for trying to console you on your birthday you could at least give me more context on what I said to upset you!

>If you didn't give phone number

I wanted to confront him and talk about what happened. It wasn't fair for him to throw that on me and walk away. But it's not like I had a way to contact him, and I doubt he'd respond even if I could.

Seriously? If you're gonna get mad at me for trying to console you on your birthday you could at least give me more context on what I said to upset you!

I sat up from the couch when I heard the door open and looked to see my mom coming in.

"You're home early."

"Well yes, the rest of the files can be done at home so here I am."

She slipped her shoes off and came over to sit down with me. She leaned back and stretched her arms across the back of the couch.

That reminded me. I actually had a lot of things I still didn't know about vampires. I know the whole ID thing, the basics that everyone knew, and that they couldn't feel emotions. But what else did I really know about Lucas?

Maybe if I knew more I could understand him better.

"Mom, can you tell me more about vampires?"

My mother sat up and looked at me.

"There's a friend in class who's a vampire, but he's really hard to understand. I thought maybe if I knew more about them it might help."

"Hmm."

"Well, vampires aren't born from normal means. Vampirism occurs when a vampire purposely bites their victim and releases a venom that changes their body. Research indicates vampirism might not even be a race rather than a... phenomenon."

"A phenomenon?"

"Well, unlike werewolves and cyclops who have always been around and have evidence of this. Vampires seemed to suddenly appear out of nowhere. Not only that, but there's evidence that in the beginning there was only one vampire to begin with."

"We've found a few very old pieces of paper and small traces that have led us to a theory, but it's an incredibly loose theory that can't be completely proven and uses the basis of an old myth."

"I didn't know there was a myth."

"The myth says that someone once killed a God and in divine punishment the man was cursed to become a creature that his kind would fear. His body became that of a corpse, he grew fangs and his eyes turned red, and he had a thirst for human blood."

"He was doomed to forever become isolated from human beings and hunted and chased forever, not only that but he was cursed to live an endless life until the day his own kind would take his life."

"A truly awful punishment. That is the myth of where the first vampire came from."

"And what theory has your research shown?"

"Similar to the myth, we have reason to believe that vampirism did start with one person. We also have reason to believe that it started from a phenomenon similar to a curse. Whether it was a sudden strange illness that turned him or really the divine punishment of a God, that's something we can't prove."

"Vampirism acts much more like a long term illness rather than an actual race, if we can get their classification overturned, we might be able to help them more."

"That's actually the project your father and I are working on."

"Overturning vampires as a race?"

"Well, sort of. But mostly accomodations for vampires."

"Animal blood is incredibly unhealthy and cannot sustain a vampire a healthy life. So we're trying to convince the officials to allow a sort of blood bank where people can donate to feed vampires so they can be fed properly."

"People are convinced that the consumption of human blood causes vampires to crave it like an addiction, causing them to become violent in turn."

"However, as long as the blood is not fed fresh from a vein, this is actually completely untrue. Human blood is also not addictive in the way heroin is, rather that when a vampire obtains some their body has a stronger craving to feed their body properly since they were suddenly given the proper nutrients."

"There's reason to believe if a vampire was able to keep a consistent feeding schedule from a human, their craving for human blood wouldn't be an issue since their body isn't starving for it."

Mom then leaned back again and let out a long, hopeless sigh.

"Of course, I highly doubt that will ever be allowed. Just pushing for a blood bank has been extremely hard, let alone allowing vampires to feed from someone who gave consent."

"Anyways, when someone is turned into a vampire their body slowly begins to die. Their organs stop working, their skin starts to gray. It is an incredibly long and painful process, not to mention the growing of vampire fangs."

"Oftentimes the victim will be in so much pain they cannot move for days, and they are struck with a fever until the changes are complete. That's why we believe it acts much more like an illness rather than an actual race. People don't just suddenly become werewolves or African-Americans."

"I didn't know turning into a vampire was painful. For some reason I thought it was instant."

"No, not at all. It's actually quite awful. I cannot even begin to describe the pain of all of your organs failing at once while not being able to die. It is nothing like anyone has ever felt."

And Lucas had to feel such awful, immense pain for days. It sounded very traumatic and I winced at my mom's description.

"If vampirism was overturned to an illness, would you be able to find a cure?"

"No, that's very unlikely. But we'd have the ability to treat it as an illness. That would mean supplying necessary food requirements would be a legal right. We also might be able to find medicine that could suppress some effects of vampirism."

"Like their emotions?"

My mother paused and looked over at me.

"I'd like to think that, but it's a really difficult case."

"We have cases of humans that have a lack of emotions and empathy. But this seems to be because of a different wiring in the brain. A vampire's brain is completely dead so the part that allows them to feel is completely dead."

"But, somehow they are still able to retain memories. That contradicts the idea that their brain is completely dead since memories are retained in the hippocampus. That means there's a chance that we could do something, if we had the ability to research the phenomenon properly."

"But as it currently is, that sort of research simply isn't possible."

I looked up at the ceiling and sighed. No way it would be that easy. Just like simply signing a bill that monsters have equal rights wasn't as simple as ending all discrimination against them. Looking back it was silly of me to think that everything was perfect just from that.

My mother patted my head and left to go to her office. I tried to resume my lazy Sunday but found myself completely distracted by my thoughts of Lucas. I wanted to talk to him, to try and understand him better.

What was the likelihood that he would come back to the park? He's only able to go outside during the night so surely that's when he was most active. What was the likelihood of bumping into him by just walking around? I didn't have any idea on the places he liked to go besides the park, and I happened upon that by chance.

As evening approached and I saw the sky fill with darkness I decided to take my chance. I put on my shoes, left the house and started my way down the street. The night air was cool but not cold, it felt relaxing. Even still, I hugged myself to try and calm my anxiety.

When I arrived at the park I found that I was the only one there. I felt the disappointment leave my body with a sigh and shook my head. Of course it wouldn't be that easy.

I walked over to the same park bench that Lucas and I had sat on last night and sat down. I don't know how long I spaced out, looking out into the field, before I suddenly came back to my senses and looked around. Still nothing had moved and I was completely alone.

I couldn't wait here all night, and this was stupid anyways. I stood up and walked out of the park, returning to the pavement of the sidewalk. There were a few people out, a family of werewolves on the other side of the street, but otherwise it was just me walking down the lit path from the street lamps.

I was about halfway home when I heard a scream pierce the air. It was so loud it made me jump and I looked around in a panic. Without another moment's breath I darted in the direction the scream came from, losing all sense of common sense.

When I arrived I saw what looked like a mother and child. The mother had the child hidden behind her back and was shaking, cowering in front of a small familiar figure.

"Stay away, you monster!"

The mother screamed at him, but he just stood there.

"I have a right to walk this street too."

"You're all bloodthirsty monsters! Don't think I don't know you were stalking us!"

At that moment the mother caught a glance of me. Her face overcame with relief and she suddenly started waving for me to come over.

"Great a witness! Come over here! He's less likely to attack us in numbers."

Lucas looked over and the moment we met eyes I saw the hostility on his face. Without another word he immediately turned and started walking the other way, forfeiting his argument with the woman.

"Wait!"

I called and ran after him. He walked at a brisk pace but at a run he was easy to catch up to. I ran in front of him and he stopped, glaring at me in return.

"What do you want? Did you enjoy that little spectacle?"

He was angry that the woman he tried to involve me of all people. While it wasn't necessarily my fault, I could understand why it hit a nerve for him. But still, I couldn't let this misunderstanding pass.

"Lucas–"

"Have you not had enough yet?"

His voice was filled with hurt. I flinched in response. 

How was I supposed to respond? He was angry, hurt, upset and felt betrayed at the same time even though all I did was happen to be there. Should I try to console him? Try to explain myself? Would he even listen to me?

>Console him

"Not all people are like that, Lucas."

"Oh and I'm sure you're so much different."

"It's nice that you can have so much optimism for the world, but we don't exactly live in the same world, do we?"

"Lucas are you really going to let them get to you–"

"I don't let them get to me."

Lucas stepped forward and towered over me menacingly. I felt small and I looked up at him, unsure how to respond or react.

"But I seem to get to them."

"I don't blame anyone for hating me, for the record."

"It is what it is, isn't it?"

"It doesn't have to be–"

Lucas scoffed and pushed past me, unhappy with my answer.

"Lucas I was just trying to–"

"Trying to do what?"

Lucas turned and looked back at me.

"Make me feel better? No need."

With that he walked away and I was left alone in the street.

>Stay silent

There's not much I could say, in all actuality. I opened my mouth just to close it again as I tried to find anything that would help.

"Are you just going to stand there?!"

"Shut up!"

I yelled at him angrily. He was impatient and it pissed me off! What did he expect me to say in this situation? That it was alright? That I didn't feel that way about him? Or that there were people that supported him?

"I'm upset, I'm angry, because people shouldn't treat you like that."

"People shouldn't judge you just because you have fangs. People shouldn't assume you're some creature in the night stalking them!"

"You should have so much more than people let you have. You should be able to eat properly and walk down the street without getting screamed at. You should be able to go to school without worry about dying in the sun."

"I'm upset and angry because someone treated my friend like a monster. And I'm upset and angry because my friend is treating me like I'm just like them."

"You won't even give me a chance to speak, you're always so hostile and quick to take things I say out of context. You're always pushing me away and sometimes you give me mixed signals."

"But worst of all you assume I think less of you for what you are without even giving me a chance to say otherwise. From the very get go you assumed I looked down on you, even when I was trying to just be your friend!"

Lucas seemed taken aback but I continued, I felt tears well up in my eyes and stream down my face.

"I didn't even do anything this time. I just happened to be in the vicinity and you automatically took it out on me. When all I did was come out to see you."

"I admit there's nothing I can say to make it better. I admit I can't come close to understanding what it's like to be seen as a monster."

"But all I ask is that you give me the benefit of doubt in thinking that I think the same thing."

I had used all my breath to shout that at him, and I gasped to catch my breath. Lucas was silent, completely shocked at my outburst. I could feel my hands shaking, and the warm tears that went down my cheeks.

Lucas slowly looked down and made a small sigh, then walked towards me. I stood up and braced myself in case he decided to push past me, but instead he embraced me in a hug. He took his hand and held the back of my head gently, and my face buried into his shoulder.

"I'm sorry. You're right."

"I assumed you hated me too. I didn't even give you a chance. And I took out my anger on you, instead of the person who hurt me."

"I was so focused on pushing you away, I didn't realize that I was hurting you. I was so focused on how humans made me feel that I projected that onto you."

He tightened his arms around me and I rubbed my face into his sleeve.

Lucas and I stayed like that for a while. I don't know how long, but it felt like hours. I knew it must have only lasted a few minutes at most, but it was almost like the entire world had stopped.

He finally let go and stepped back. He took his hands and wiped the leftover tears on my face and I peered up at him.

>If he kissed you

"Why did you kiss me last night?"

Lucas averted his eyes for a moment.

"I was feeling things I had never felt before."

"I wanted to remember that feeling, so I made it into a memory."

He caressed his hand on my cheek.

"A precious, fleeting memory."

"It was insensitive of me. I'm sorry."

I nodded. I wasn't going to accept his apology for now, because I wasn't sure how I felt about it to begin with. I wasn't sure how I felt about Lucas, right now my heart was beating fast but that could've been from the shouting I had done earlier.

"I'll see you at school tomorrow."

With that Lucas walked away.

>If he did not kiss you

"I'll see you at school tomorrow."

I nodded and with that Lucas walked away.

Day 6

Monday had come and I was in a bit of a daze the entirety of the day. I was so distracted by the last two days that I found it hard to concentrate. Math and English quickly passed by and I found myself eating lunch with Wit and Lucas. 

Wit talked about this and that while me and Lucas quietly ate our food, a sort of tension between us. Wit somehow did not pick up on the difference in mood and thankfully made lunch pass quickly as well. 

I greeted Medi everytime I came into the classroom and wrote my notes, but otherwise it felt like everything was on autopilot. 

Eventually the debate club came and we found that Lucas did not seem in the mood today. He refused to put a slip of paper for a debate and refused to argue when a topic was chosen, despite Wit trying to aggravate him.

I tried to pick up the slack but was no match for Wit's arguments and was quickly defeated. After a few debates that hardly started before they ended, the majority of us had resorted to doing our own thing for the rest of the club.

When the club ended Lucas stopped me on my way to the door. He turned to me and I looked at him questioningly as he blocked the exit.

"Would you be willing to stay with me after school today?"

"I thought you liked being alone?"

"If you don't want to, you can just say so."

I thought for a minute and then nodded. He made a small smile and we walked towards the hall together.

He took to his usual spot and leaned against the wall as he always did. I leaned against the wall next to him and watched as the students filtered out of the halls.

Neither of us said anything as time passed, even when everybody had left. I thought when he asked me he was going to at least make conversation, but maybe he was happy with just my presence.

Eventually the sky turned dark, the light from the windows in the hall Lucas always had to avoid turned dark. Lucas stood up from his position and walked not to the entrance of the school, but the stairs.

I stood still for a moment and looked back and forth from the entrance to him, and then with a sigh I followed him up the stairs. We went up all three floors and opened the doors that led to the school rooftop.

The night sky felt like it could swallow us, the stars hadn't quite appeared yet but the sky was somehow beautiful even without them.

"What did you want to come up here for?"

I turned to Lucas who was just staring at me from a few feet away.

"This is my world."

I looked up to the night sky again and nodded quietly. Yes, this was the world Lucas lived in. He could not step food out into the light of day, so this was the view he saw of the world.

"About a year ago, vampires had broken into my house."

I turned to Lucas who was still staring at me.

"They killed my parents, completely draining them dry."

"When they found me, the two vampires argued about what to do with me."

"One wanted to feed on me, the other felt strongly about harming children."

"So instead, they decided to turn me instead."

"That's how I ended up at the group home where I live. That's how I became an orphan, and how I became a vampire."

I looked down at the ground sadly upon hearing about his loss. Followed by the pain of transforming, that must have been incredibly unbearable. 

"Vampires are awful creatures. They kill and harm others, and they feel no remorse."

I looked up to see Lucas had approached me and was towering over me, threateningly. I felt chills go down my spine as that same cold, hostile look appeared once again.

"Lucas–"

>If you asked If he hated humans

"You asked if I hated humans."

"I don't. I don't hate humans, nor do I blame them for hating me."

"How could I ever hate the only thing that ever showed me love?"

"How could I ever not hate the thing that took them away and my entire life."

"I don't hate humans, I envy them. I resent them, because I can't go back to those days."

>If you asked if he hated me

"You asked if I hated you."

"I don't. I don't hate you. I never did."

"I envy you. I resent you. But I don't hate you."

"Because everytime I look at you, it's a sole reminder that I cannot go back to those days."

"I hate the ones that took them away and my entire life."

"And I hate what I am, and I hate what I'll become."

I couldn't look away from his cold eyes, and I didn't realize his hand had wrapped around my throat until he held me in his grip.

"Whatever way I look at it, I'll end up as a monster either way. So why should I hold back?"

>"You're not like that"

"You're not like that, Lucas."

I felt his grip on my throat tighten and I reached my hands to grab onto him in defense.

"I wasn't aware there was a that. What exactly would that be?"

"A monster? A demon?"

Lucas' eyes shone in the night sky. It looked like they were glowing, they were such a deep red.

"Do I scare you, [Name]? Be honest."

>Good End

I tightened my grip on his hand.

"No, I'm not."

Lucas peered down at me coldly, but his grip loosened.

"Feel my hands Lucas, I'm not shaking. I'm not scared."

"You're just trying to test me, right? You don't have to do that. I know you're not like them."

"Those vampires that hurt you, that hurt your parents. They're the bad guys, not you."

Lucas let go and stepped back, he looked surprised at my answer.

"I don't know if you're scared, or if you're trying to prove something to me. But it won't work."

I stepped towards him and reached my hand out. I thought he would move away, but he didn't. I placed my hand on his chest and looked up at him.

"Lucas, you are so much more than just a vampire. I wish that I could show you that. You may have no heartbeat, but you're still alive. You're here, aren't you?"

Lucas looked down at me and I wondered if I had even gotten through to him. Then suddenly, I was pushed to the ground by a strong force, my breath was almost knocked out of me. I saw the night sky and peering over me was Lucas. 

He held my hand and placed it on his cheek, I could feel his cold skin on my hand and surely he could feel my warmth.

"I'm so glad you proved me wrong."

"I was starting to think, if you really did hate me inside, I didn't know what I could do when I felt like this."

"I couldn't trust your words, I hope you forgive me."

"I hope one day you can trust my words, Lucas."

Lucas closed his eyes and leaned into my hand more.

"I'm scared that one day none of it will matter, one day I'll lose hold of every emotion within me. When that day comes, what will I do? Will I too show no remorse? Will I too only care for my hunger?"

"I can never truly care or love anyone. That's my life to live as a vampire. That's my punishment for simply existing."

He opened his eyes and looked at me again.

"But I think as long as I'm next to you, I can put all of those thoughts away."

Lucas took my hand and bit into my wrist, I winced at the sharp pinch as a trail of blood leaked down my arm.

"Even if my emotions disappear one day, I will never forget this precious fleeting moment. I will never forget the way I felt about you."

"Even if I lose most of my feelings for you, I'll never lose this warmth."

Good Ending: Fleeting Precious Memory

>Bad End

I tightened my grip on his hand.

"No, I'm not."

Lucas peered down at me coldly and then started laughing. A laugh that sent chills down my spine, and a fear to the pit of my stomach.

"You must think I'm an idiot if I believe that."

He leaned in really close, pinning me further to the ground and inciting more pressure to my throat.

"I can feel you shaking, [Name]."

"I knew it. I knew from the beginning you were always afraid."

"That's just how it is, isn't it?"

I opened my mouth to try and talk but he pressed further into my throat. I choked and gasped for air, but Lucas smiled at my pain.

"It's not going to matter in the end anyway, so why should I even pretend?"

"Lu–"

I tried to call his name but choked again. Was he going to kill me? Was I going to die here? Tears streamed down my face and I desperately clawed at his hand to try and pry it off my throat to no avail.

I felt his fingers claw into the side of my neck and tried to scream as blood started to leak from them. Lucas used his fingers and ripped into the skin at my neck, drawing back as blood splattered on his face.

I coughed and sputtered as I     felt the blood pool back into my throat. Even though the weight was gone from my neck I still couldn't breathe. Instead I choked and drowned as I could feel the warm blood pooling around my head and shoulders.

It hurt. It hurt so much. I could see Lucas licking the blood off of fingers. I was losing vision, everything was spinning. It was so warm.

The last thing I saw before losing myself was the night sky.

Bad End: Why should I even pretend?

>"You're adding to the problem"

"You're adding to the problem like this, Lucas."

"Acting like this, saying you'll end up like this anyways."

"It'll just give people reason to say that. Don't you wanna be a reason that people can see the good in vampires?"

"I know you're just trying to test me, so you can drop the act."

>Good End

Lucas loosened his grip and widened his eyes in surprise.

"Feel my hands Lucas, I'm not shaking. I'm not scared. Is that what you were wanting to see?"

"I know you're not like them.Those vampires that hurt you, that hurt your parents. They're the bad guys, not you."

Lucas let go and stepped back, he looked surprised at my answer.

"I don't know if you're scared, or if you're trying to prove something to me. But it won't work."

I stepped towards him and reached my hand out. I thought he would move away, but he didn't. I placed my hand on his chest and looked up at him.

"Lucas, you are so much more than just a vampire. I wish that I could show you that. You may have no heartbeat, but you're still alive. You're here, aren't you?"

Lucas looked down at me and I wondered if I had even gotten through to him. Then suddenly, I was pushed to the ground by a strong force, my breath was almost knocked out of me. I saw the night sky and peering over me was Lucas. 

He held my hand and placed it on his cheek, I could feel his cold skin on my hand and surely he could feel my warmth.

"I'm so glad you proved me wrong."

"I was starting to think, if you really did hate me inside, I didn't know what I could do when I felt like this."

"I couldn't trust your words, I hope you forgive me."

"I hope one day you can trust my words, Lucas."

Lucas closed his eyes and leaned into my hand more.

"I'm scared that one day none of it will matter, one day I'll lose hold of every emotion within me. When that day comes, what will I do? Will I too show no remorse? Will I too only care for my hunger?"

"I can never truly care or love anyone. That's my life to live as a vampire. That's my punishment for simply existing."

He opened his eyes and looked at me again.

"But I think as long as I'm next to you, I can put all of those thoughts away."

Lucas took my hand and bit into my wrist, I winced at the sharp pinch as a trail of blood leaked down my arm.

"Even if my emotions disappear one day, I will never forget this precious fleeting moment. I will never forget the way I felt about you."

"Even if I lose most of my feelings for you, I'll never lose this warmth."

Good Ending: Fleeting Precious Memory

>Bad End

Lucas peered down at me coldly and then started laughing. A laugh that sent chills down my spine, and a fear to the pit of my stomach. His grip on my neck tightened, I grasped my fingers at his hand in an attempt to pry him off.

"You must think I'm an idiot if I believe that."

He leaned in really close, pinning me further to the ground and inciting more pressure to my throat.

"I can feel you shaking, [Name]."

"I knew it. I knew from the beginning you were always afraid."

"That's just how it is, isn't it?"

I opened my mouth to try and talk but he pressed further into my throat. I choked and gasped for air, but Lucas smiled at my pain.

"It's not going to matter in the end anyway, so why should I even pretend?"

"Lu–"

I tried to call his name but choked again. Was he going to kill me? Was I going to die here? Tears streamed down my face and I desperately clawed at his hand to try and pry it off my throat to no avail.

I felt his fingers claw into the side of my neck and tried to scream as blood started to leak from them. Lucas used his fingers and ripped into the skin at my neck, drawing back as blood splattered on his face.

I coughed and sputtered as I     felt the blood pool back into my throat. Even though the weight was gone from my neck I still couldn't breathe. Instead I choked and drowned as I could feel the warm blood pooling around my head and shoulders.

It hurt. It hurt so much. I could see Lucas licking the blood off of fingers. I was losing vision, everything was spinning. It was so warm.

The last thing I saw before losing myself was the night sky.

Bad End: Why should I even pretend?
